archived,author,author_flair_css_class,author_flair_text,body,controversiality,created_utc,distinguished,downs,edited,gilded,id,link_id,name,parent_id,removal_reason,retrieved_on,score,score_hidden,subreddit,subreddit_id,ups
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1272695384,null,0,false,0,c0p7qcz,t3_byn9b,t1_c0p7qcz,t3_byn9b,null,1426293935,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"Correction. You have not a single, remote grasp about the difficulties of creating a random country.

You saying that the article proving it's better to split the country up is bonkers. The reason why we have such an inefficient government is simply because we have so many of them. Having two countries in stead of one is not a single guarantee that the number of governments decreases. On the very contrary. Where you used to have one federal administration, you have the same administration... Times two. So that's twice as inefficient. The only solutions guaranteeing a more efficient government are unionist solutions. That's only logical.

As for insisting the politicians care about their voters... That's BS. Who do you think argues? The people? Most of them don't even live on the language border and if not subjected to propaganda and manipulation wouldn't even care. Actually, they don't care according to every poll on the matter as communal issues aren't considered a priority by the people.
So it's the politicians who bicker and argue and defend no rights save for their own. Do you honestly think it's not an immense advantage for the politicians to have so many governments? It truly is. It's in their interest to continue the communal disarray and arguing.

If we'd truly care about a solution then we wouldn't burden politics with racism and nationalism but we'd create an efficient government. Which is one single one. Apart from things that have to do with language (which are those anyways?) which can be left to minimalist regional governments.",0,1272703932,null,0,false,0,c0p7u9e,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p7u9e,t1_c0p62i9,null,1426293986,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;Where you used to have one federal administration, you have the same administration... Times two.

Not at all. Right now there is the 1. Federal government 2. The French Community Government 3. The Walloon Regional Government 4. The German Community Government 5. The Brussels Regional Government 6+7. The Flemish Regional government and the Dutch Community Governement, which have joined. That's half a dozen governments. After a split, that will only decrease, for example in two governements, a Walloon and a Flemish, probably each with some provisions to allow the Oostkantons and the Brussels Capital Region respectively to have some specific policies for the specific language situation there. That's down to four in the worst case, and if I'm not mistaken, 4&lt;7.

&gt;As for insisting the politicians care about their voters... That's BS.

They care about their votes, you can't deny that. And to get votes, they have to appear to defend the interests of their voters, and they do that by taking a gruff stance vs. the politicians of the other community, where they have zero voters anyway.

&gt;Most of them don't even live on the language border

People everywhere in the country commute to Brussels.

&gt;if not subjected to propaganda and manipulation wouldn't even care.

Propaganda is everywhere, comes in all stripes and colours, and is applied to every cause. There is no morally superior position here.

&gt;they don't care according to every poll on the matter

You mean they don't care either way whether Belgium keeps existing as it is or not. In any case, they would like the nonsense to stop. Since we haven't made much progress with a century of negotiating, let's have a simple final negotiation.

&gt;Do you honestly think it's not an immense advantage for the politicians to have so many governments?

No, that's why a split is one of the solutions that has to be considered, among others.

&gt;If we'd truly care about a solution then we wouldn't burden politics with racism and nationalism but we'd create an efficient government. Which is one single one. Apart from things that have to do with language (which are those anyways?) which can be left to minimalist regional governments.

We *had* a unitarian Belgian government. **It didn't work.** That's why it was reformed, several times. It still doesn't work as it should.

As far as unitarian governments go, I wouldn't mind a unified kingdom of the Netherlands, including all of the Benelux. That would end the polarisation and the institutional deadlock by adding weights to the balance.",0,1272705852,null,0,false,0,c0p7v38,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p7v38,t1_c0p7u9e,null,1426293996,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;Not at all. Right now there is the 1. Federal government 2. The French Community Government 3. The Walloon Regional Government 4. The German Community Government 5. The Brussels Regional Government 6+7. The Flemish Regional government and the Dutch Community Governement, which have joined. That's half a dozen governments. After a split, that will only decrease, for example in two governements, a Walloon and a Flemish, probably each with some provisions to allow the Oostkantons and the Brussels Capital Region respectively to have some specific policies for the specific language situation there. That's down to four in the worst case, and if I'm not mistaken, 4&lt;7.

It's perfectly possible to have all these governments (and let's not forget the provincial and communal levels) when the country splits up.

Not to mention you'd split up the federal government two or three times.

When you'd split the country up you'd have a minimum of two governments. If you don't you'd have a minimum of two.

&gt;They care about their votes, you can't deny that. And to get votes, they have to appear to defend the interests of their voters, and they do that by taking a gruff stance vs. the politicians of the other community, where they have zero voters anyway.

At least you understand it's all a fake propaganda ploy.

&gt;People everywhere in the country commute to Brussels.

Which according to the polls doesn't make them care more.

&gt;You mean they don't care either way whether Belgium keeps existing as it is or not. In any case, they would like the nonsense to stop. Since we haven't made much progress with a century of negotiating, let's have a simple final negotiation.

No, I mean they don't care about the whole language BS.

And you saying ""one final negotiation"" is a dumb platitude.

&gt;No, that's why a split is one of the solutions that has to be considered, among others.

You're naive. Unless you're prepared to admit they're in it for the money.

&gt;We had a unitarian Belgian government. It didn't work.  That's why it was reformed, several times. It still doesn't work as it should

And how exactly didn't it work? And I honestly think it was reformed because the politicians needed a fake enemy to rally the people behind them. ",0,1272707561,null,0,false,0,c0p7vqj,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p7vqj,t1_c0p7v38,null,1426294005,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;It's perfectly possible to have all these governments (and let's not forget the provincial and communal levels) when the country splits up.

It's possible, but no longer necessary. The competences of the fed govt and the community govts will be added to those of the relevant regional govt. The two new states will then decide how to represent the interests of their linguistic minority regions.
Provinces and community govts are irrelevant, their competences or borderes won't change in any case.

&gt;Which according to the polls doesn't make them care more.

Which poll?

&gt;No, I mean they don't care about the whole language BS.

At the very least they care about not having communautarian troubles, 
and they are as old as Belgium.

&gt;You're naive. Unless you're prepared to admit they're in it for the money.

As I said, politicians represent the (financial) interests of their voters. The relatively rich north does that by shifting expenses (which come mostly from northern taxes) from the federal level to the regional level, the relatively poor south does that by increasing federal expenses. Everyone is in it for the money. One problem is that politicians are only responsible towards their voters, and the current situation doesn't allow cross-community voting.

&gt;And how exactly didn't it work? And I honestly think it was reformed because the politicians needed a fake enemy to rally the people behind them.

Because the federal government hampers even for trivial issues, when both language communities disagree. Historically... let's give one example. Dutch speakers (peasants, that didn't knew French) have been accused, put on trial and convicted by courts that were only French speaking. It's easy to take for granted Dutch in schools, administration, courts, parliament etc. There even wasn't a Dutch version of the constitution before 1936.

&gt;And you saying ""one final negotiation"" is a dumb platitude.

And returning to a unitary government isn't? Let's see: what will the language of the administration in the country be? Will there be a language border? Will every seat in parliament take the same amount of votes? Will a majority in each language group be necessary for all or some some laws to pass? Will there be alarm procedures? What language will education be in?",0,1272713837,null,0,false,0,c0p7xvr,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p7xvr,t1_c0p7vqj,null,1426294032,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;It's possible, but no longer necessary. The competences of the fed govt and the community govts will be added to those of the relevant regional govt. The two new states will then decide how to represent the interests of their linguistic minority regions. Provinces and community govts are irrelevant, their competences or borderes won't change in any case.

Sure it's not necessary. It's not necessary now either. Nor was it ever.

And your scenario is entirely wishful thinking and your own biased best case scenario.

&gt;Which poll?

All that I have seen.

&gt;At the very least they care about not having communautarian troubles, and they are as old as Belgium.

They care about it, but it's far from a priority.

&gt;As I said, politicians represent the (financial) interests of their voters. The relatively rich north does that by shifting expenses (which come mostly from northern taxes) from the federal level to the regional level, the relatively poor south does that by increasing federal expenses. Everyone is in it for the money. One problem is that politicians are only responsible towards their voters, and the current situation doesn't allow cross-community voting.

Which is a shame. Cross-community voting would be a lot more logical and productive.

&gt;Because the federal government hampers even for trivial issues, when both language communities disagree. Historically... let's give one example. Dutch speakers (peasants, that didn't knew French) have been accused, put on trial and convicted by courts that were only French speaking. It's easy to take for granted Dutch in schools, administration, courts, parliament etc. There even wasn't a Dutch version of the constitution before 1936.

Those are examples of social injustices. But those are not at all inherent to the concept of a unionist system.

&gt;And returning to a unitary government isn't? Let's see: what will the language of the administration in the country be? Will there be a language border? Will every seat in parliament take the same amount of votes? Will a majority in each language group be necessary for all or some some laws to pass? Will there be alarm procedures? What language will education be in?

Those questions are easily answerable. I'm sure you could even answer them yourself.

It's not all that hard if your intent is not to split the country but to solve the issues.",0,1272721703,null,0,false,0,c0p81g1,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p81g1,t1_c0p7xvr,null,1426294079,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;Sure it's not necessary. It's not necessary now either. Nor was it ever.

Then the reason for their existence must be some far-fetched conspiracy theory, hatched by thousands of politicians from wildly varying social, economic, religious and cultural backgrounds and executed without protest by their successors over a timespan of several centuries, completely impervious to upheaval like the expansion of  voting rights and a world war or two?

&gt;Those are examples of social injustices. But those are not at all inherent to the concept of a unionist system.

They are. Which language should your unionist government function in?

&gt;Which is a shame. Cross-community voting would be a lot more logical and productive.

Of course, I agree! Now, suppose we have a federal voting circle. We can't distinguish between French or Dutch voters/representatives anymore. Since there's very little communication between the population of north and south (different languages, the south being mostly oriented to France), more often than not a northern majority will outvote a southern minority. Do you think that's acceptable?

&gt;Those questions are easily answerable. I'm sure you could even answer them yourself.

They why don't you try? I think because they seem easy, but pose problems that are insurmountable in practice.",0,1272725271,null,0,false,0,c0p83oo,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p83oo,t1_c0p81g1,null,1426294110,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;Then the reason for their existence must be some far-fetched conspiracy theory, hatched by thousands of politicians from wildly varying social, economic, religious and cultural backgrounds and executed without protest by their successors over a timespan of several centuries, completely impervious to upheaval like the expansion of voting rights and a world war or two?

Mostly just xenophobia. And it's not because something exists that it should exist.

&gt;They are. Which language should your unionist government function in?

They're not. In how many languages does the EU function? Or the UN for that matter?

&gt;Of course, I agree! Now, suppose we have a federal voting circle. We can't distinguish between French or Dutch voters/representatives anymore. Since there's very little communication between the population of north and south (different languages, the south being mostly oriented to France), more often than not a northern majority will outvote a southern minority. Do you think that's acceptable?

That's assuming the North will agree on what/how they vote. I see this as entirely unrealistic.

Also since legislation isn't tied to language anymore it becomes quite impossible to discriminate against one language.

&gt;They why don't you try? I think because they seem easy, but pose problems that are insurmountable in practice.

That's what I think of making Flanders independent.",0,1272734022,null,0,false,0,c0p8b3p,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p8b3p,t1_c0p83oo,null,1426294204,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;Mostly just xenophobia.

If we are strangers to each other, what are we doing in the same country?

&gt;And it's not because something exists that it should exist.

Like, Belgium? ;)

&gt;In how many languages does the EU function? Or the UN for that matter?

The EU nor the UN are countries, but consist out of diplomatic meetings. Or will you supply interpreters for every civil servant?

&gt;That's assuming the North will agree on what/how they vote. I see this as entirely unrealistic.

It happens all the time, for example in the BHV saga. In a unitary parliament they would have 60% of the vote, you know.

&gt;Also since legislation isn't tied to language anymore it becomes quite impossible to discriminate against one language.

So, if legislation isn't tied to race it is impossible to discriminate against races?

&gt;That's what I think of making Flanders independent.

But you're not even able to suggest how your alternative can work.. These questions *will* need to be addressed in a hypothetical unitary government.",0,1272739328,null,0,false,0,c0p8gb5,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p8gb5,t1_c0p8b3p,null,1426294272,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,timoleon,FRNK,Franken,"Flick, die Stiftungen zur Spendenwäsche, das System Kohl, und jetzt Rüttgers: 

die Union bleibt sich treu.

&gt;Den Vorwurf der Käuflichkeit hatte Rüttgers umgehend als ""absurd und völlig unzutreffend"" zurückgewiesen.

Was sollen die lieben Spender jetzt glauben: 

*""Wir von der Union nehmen zwar ihr Geld, aber tun werden wir nichts dafür""*? ",0,1272740032,null,0,false,0,c0p8h0i,t3_bypmh,t1_c0p8h0i,t3_bypmh,null,1426294281,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,timoleon,FRNK,Franken,Der erwähnte *Welt*-Artikel mit [Hintergrundinformationen](http://www.welt.de/webwelt/article7376422/Peinliche-Posse-um-Deutschen-Computerspielpreis.html?print=yes),0,1272782387,null,0,false,0,c0p9jm7,t3_byyvy,t1_c0p9jm7,t3_byyvy,null,1426294780,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;If we are strangers to each other, what are we doing in the same country?

All 6 million Flemings are also strangers to each other. Are you saying there should be 6 (or ten or whatever) million countries?

&gt;Like, Belgium? ;)

Or, it's not because something doesn't exist that it should. Like Flanders.

&gt;The EU nor the UN are countries, but consist out of diplomatic meetings. Or will you supply interpreters for every civil servant?

The EU functions in many ways just like a country. It even has a parliament where many languages are being used. If the EU can function then so can Belgium.

&gt;It happens all the time, for example in the BHV saga. In a unitary parliament they would have 60% of the vote, you know.

The BHV issue wouldn't exist in a unitary government. That's the whole point. There would be no need for communotary posturing in a unitary government.

&gt;So, if legislation isn't tied to race it is impossible to discriminate against races?

Indeed. But there should of course be safeguards to protect minorities. But considering Belgium is a democracy they have to be in place anyways.

&gt;But you're not even able to suggest how your alternative can work.. These questions will need to be addressed in a hypothetical unitary government.

I am able to do so, and given a bit if goodwill so are you.",0,1272803598,null,0,false,0,c0p9tv3,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p9tv3,t1_c0p8gb5,null,1426294913,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,stesch,null,null,"Siehe auch http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/dec/22/copenhagen-climate-change-mark-lynas vom Dezember 2009.
",0,1272809720,null,0,false,0,c0p9xdc,t3_bz02z,t1_c0p9xdc,t3_bz02z,null,1426294958,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1272810552,null,0,false,0,c0p9xvt,t3_bz228,t1_c0p9xvt,t3_bz228,null,1426294966,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;All 6 million Flemings are also strangers to each other. Are you saying there should be 6 (or ten or whatever) million countries?

Sorry, no time to get philosophical right now. The people demand decisions. Ask yourself: how many native French speaking and how many native Dutch speaking friends have you? What music do people listen to in the south? What is your greeting habit, what is theirs?

&gt;Or, it's not because something doesn't exist that it should. Like Flanders.

Great, pour les flamands la même chose! So let's move past the sophistry.

&gt;The EU functions in many ways just like a country. It even has a parliament where many languages are being used. If the EU can function then so can Belgium.

It has a parliament, and that's about it.. EU decisions are still administered by the national governments, and the EU is a superstructure that has no direct contact with any citizens: that comparison doesn't hold. The question is: which language do you use in a community of a few thousand inhabitants, let's pick a few random examples, Nazareth or Durbuy?

&gt;The BHV issue wouldn't exist in a unitary government. That's the whole point. There would be no need for communotary posturing in a unitary government.

What would stop communitarian posturing from arising? 
Or *in concreto*, what would happen if, for example, a mostly northern majority was found to cripple weapon exports in the interest of peace, while a mostly southern majority was opposed in the interest of job opportunities? (This issue has already come up, it's not far-fetched.)

&gt;Indeed. 

So there is no racial discrimination in Belgium?

&gt;But there should of course be safeguards to protect minorities. But considering Belgium is a democracy they have to be in place anyways.

And why do think we have language barriers, separate community governments, separate regions, guaranteed language minority seats, qualified majorities, alarm procedures, conflicts of interest procedures and the whole shebang?

&gt;I am able to do so, and given a bit if goodwill so are you.

Please do answer the questions then :)",0,1272813227,null,0,false,0,c0p9zw2,t3_bwcav,t1_c0p9zw2,t1_c0p9tv3,null,1426294992,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;Sorry, no time to get philosophical right now. The people demand decisions. Ask yourself: how many native French speaking and how many native Dutch speaking friends have you? What music do people listen to in the south? What is your greeting habit, what is theirs?

All completely irrelevant arguments. We're living in the 21th and not the 19th century. Emotional bias should be left outside political decision making

&gt;The question is: which language do you use in a community of a few thousand inhabitants, let's pick a few random examples, Nazareth or Durbuy?

It's seems logical the local language used in administration is the one used by the vast majority of the local populace. If there's only a slight majority then I'd opt for a bilingual solution.

Practical solutions for practical problems.

&gt;What would stop communitarian posturing from arising? Or in concreto, what would happen if, for example, a mostly northern majority was found to cripple weapon exports in the interest of peace, while a mostly southern majority was opposed in the interest of job opportunities? (This issue has already come up, it's not far-fetched.)

It's impossible to assert yourself as a language community if you don't exist as such. If there is no way to identify yourself as being Flemish or French of whatever in politics then it becomes impossible to be part of a group. It's impossible to rally behind a banner if it does not exist.

Therefore in a unitary system it becomes doubtful political parties would link themselves to their origins. After a while northern and southern political parties would disappear. Save for the marginal extremists, of course.

Then if you have unitary political parties which have to answer to all civilians, no matter where then I very much doubt they will jeopardize the job prospects of the people who might vote for them.

&gt;So there is no racial discrimination in Belgium?

Can you name a law that specifically discriminates against a race? I'm talking about a legal context here.

&gt;And why do think we have language barriers, separate community governments, separate regions, guaranteed language minority seats, qualified majorities, alarm procedures, conflicts of interest procedures and the whole shebang?

Why do we have those? To appease the extremists of course.

They're only providing the infrastructure to identify minorities and majorities. If it weren't for those there wouldn't be minorities and majorities.

&gt;Please do answer the questions then

I note your lack of goodwill.",0,1272814901,null,0,false,0,c0pa1ba,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pa1ba,t1_c0p9zw2,null,1426295009,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,blue1_,EURO,European Union,"The situation here in Italy is very similar, btw.",0,1272818910,null,0,false,0,c0pa57g,t3_byx0a,t1_c0pa57g,t3_byx0a,null,1426295060,3,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,3
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;All completely irrelevant arguments. 

They're relevant: you claim the differences between north and south are artificial fearmongering, but you can't even answer these simple questions.


&gt;We're living in the 21th and not the 19th century. Emotional bias should be left outside political decision making.

Why is it emotionally biased to consider state border A and rational to stick to state border B? (Belgium as it is is a creation of the reviled 19th century, by the way)

&gt;It's seems logical the local language used in administration is the one used by the vast majority of the local populace. If there's only a slight majority then I'd opt for a bilingual solution.

Been there, done that. There used to be language counts that would change the language of the administration every then years. The change tended to be in one direction, and the language counts were forbidden because one community considered them a threat to their identity.

&gt;It's impossible to assert yourself as a language community if you don't exist as such. If there is no way to identify yourself as being Flemish or French of whatever in politics then it becomes impossible to be part of a group. It's impossible to rally behind a banner if it does not exist.

So you will outlaw all organizations and parties based on culture? That's not very democratic.

&gt;Therefore in a unitary system it becomes doubtful political parties would link themselves to their origins. 

We started in a unitary country, and look what happened.

&gt;Then if you have unitary political parties which have to answer to all civilians, no matter where then I very much doubt they will jeopardize the job prospects of the people who might vote for them.

Well, as it happened in Belgium the minority insisted to transfer the competence from the federal to the regional level. Problem solved. They weren't willing to sacrifice their regional interests to retain a 
unitary government.

&gt;Can you name a law that specifically discriminates against a race? I'm talking about a legal context here.

So if a company systematically refuses to hear Moroccans looking for a job, it's not racial discrimination because there's no law? It's not because it's not legally enforced that it doesn't happen.

&gt;Why do we have those? To appease the extremists of course.

Then all political parties are extremists, because they were all voted in by a 2/3 majority in the parliament with a majority in both language groups.

&gt;&gt;Please do answer the questions then

&gt;I note your lack of goodwill.

Come on, they're simple questions, and they will have to be tackled in a unitary state. The reason I ask them is that these rules have been instituted to solve specific problems, and a unitary state won't last if it doesn't solve them too.

",0,1272829115,null,0,true,0,c0pafwa,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pafwa,t1_c0pa1ba,null,1426295199,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;They're relevant: you claim the differences between north and south are artificial fearmongering, but you can't even answer these simple questions.

I never said there were no differences. I'm saying the differences are too shallow and irrelevant to get political attention save for a few practical solutions. It does not matter how culturally intertwined both communities are.

&gt;Why is it emotionally biased to consider state border A and rational to stick to state border B? (Belgium as it is is a creation of the reviled 19th century, by the way)

Because one state border already exists and is an economic reality. No matter for what reason it was created.

&gt;Been there, done that. There used to be language counts that would change the language of the administration every then years. The change tended to be in one direction, and the language counts were forbidden because one community considered them a threat to their identity.

And politicians picked up on the xenophobia... That kinda helped, now didn't it.

&gt;So you will outlaw all organizations and parties based on culture? That's not very democratic.

Of course not. But it would no longer serve any purpose to identify ones organization in terms of origins. Think of it as if a political party from Limburg would run the national elections purely to defend Limburg interests.

&gt;We started in a unitary country, and look what happened.

Yea, focusing on our differences and exploiting xenophobia ruined it. Note that the current chaos isn't a result of the unitary state, but of the partitioned state.

&gt;Well, as it happened in Belgium the minority insisted to transfer the competence from the federal to the regional level. Problem solved. They weren't willing to sacrifice their regional interests to retain a unitary government.

Which isn't very rational as transferring responsibility does nothing to alter the economic and demographic reality.

&gt;So if a company systematically refuses to hear Moroccans looking for a job, it's not racial discrimination because there's no law? It's not because it's not legally enforced that it doesn't happen.

Wut? That's not the point. I'm not talking about a civilian context, I'm talking about legal context. Big difference.

If there's no Moroccans in a legal sense it will be impossible to draft laws discriminating against Moroccans since legally they don't exist.

&gt;Then all political parties are extremists, because they were all voted in by a 2/3 majority in the parliament with a majority in both language groups.

The parties that weren't extremist suffered coercion. Or they simply didn't care. Apathy is as dangerous as extremism. Of course all parties of this little particracy of ours realized what they could gain.

&gt;Come on, they're simple questions, and they will have to be tackled in a unitary state. The reason I ask them is that these rules have been instituted to solve specific problems, and a unitary state won't last if it doesn't solve them too.

Of course those questions should be tackled. And if they're that simply you won't have any issues answering them.",0,1272832027,null,0,false,0,c0paiup,t3_bwcav,t1_c0paiup,t1_c0pafwa,null,1426295238,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;I never said there were no differences. I'm saying the differences are too shallow and irrelevant to get political attention 

Then why do the get political attention?

&gt;Because one state border already exists and is an economic reality. No matter for what reason it was created.

So as soon as the new states happen to exist, you will defend their existence for the same reason?

&gt;And politicians picked up on the xenophobia... That kinda helped, now didn't it.

Scapegoat alert! Anyway, you'll have to work with them. There are no other ones, and if your institutions are easy to abuse, they will be abused. It doesn't help to tell them to play nice.

&gt;Of course not. But it would no longer serve any purpose to identify ones organization in terms of origins. Think of it as if a political party from Limburg would run the national elections purely to defend Limburg interests.

That's simply because there are not enough people in Limburg who consider their interests to be significantly different from the rest of the region. And that is theirs to decide.

&gt;Yea, focusing on our differences and exploiting xenophobia ruined it. 

If it's so vulnerable to exploitation, is it a good system?

&gt;Note that the current chaos isn't a result of the unitary state, but of the partitioned state.

The partitioned state is the result of a unitary state without a united culture.
Besides, it's the federal government that has issues, not the regional ones.

&gt;Which isn't very rational as transferring responsibility does nothing to alter the economic and demographic reality.

Of course not, but it does help to better correlate policy with reality. For example, the south has a big problem with youth unemployment, while the north has a problem with 50+ unemployment. Addressing either problem will make it more difficult to solve the other. Deferring the policy to the regions would make more sense.

&gt;Wut? That's not the point. I'm not talking about a civilian context, I'm talking about legal context. Big difference. If there's no Moroccans in a legal sense it will be impossible to draft laws discriminating against Moroccans since legally they don't exist.

So, next time a racism case enters the courtroom, the judge will dismiss the case. After all, races don't exist legally, and therefore, racism doesn't exist.

Language laws have been created to protect the rights of minorities - which you said yourself are necessary. Ignoring reality doesn't make it go away.

&gt;The parties that weren't extremist suffered coercion. Or they simply didn't care. Apathy is as dangerous as extremism. Of course all parties of this little particracy of ours realized what they could gain.

If all political parties are bad quality, how would government be able to improve in any setup at all?

&gt;Of course those questions should be tackled. And if they're that simply you won't have any issues answering them.

I asked them to give you the opportunity to clarify and defend your position. Can you?",0,1272836346,null,0,true,0,c0pan3i,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pan3i,t1_c0paiup,null,1426295292,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Gli infradito in tela Damier della collezione donna 2010 di Louis Vuitton (modello XQFT1ADM) sono un vero e proprio capolavoro di stile e raffinatezza.

Realizzati con una sottila suola in pelle ed una comoda soletta imbottita, questi infradito da donna dispongono di laccetti in tela Damier (simbolo della casa di moda Louis Vuitton), ed un'elegante fibbia ed accessori dorati firmati Louis Vuitton (LV): un must per l'estate 2010!",0,1272840379,null,0,false,0,c0pard4,t3_bz6cd,t1_c0pard4,t3_bz6cd,null,1426295348,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,temujin64,IREL,Poblacht na hÉireann,"A lot of rights and wrongs. I can't say much about other countries so I'll just do my own. Firstly our population is not just over 3 million, its 4.5 million and the reason why Americans have an important view of them is because there are 40 million Americans who identify themselves as being Irish-Americans and about 80 million worldwide, that is a large global community. What I can confirm as a well travelled Irishman as being right is that everyone does seem to like the Irish, even if the stereotypes of our drunkenness are true, although that's almost why they like us. Also, on his note of the Irish being humble, well the people who most dislike the Irish is the Irish themselves, we have an awful habit of putting ourselves down.",0,1272851169,null,0,false,0,c0pb318,t3_bu062,t1_c0pb318,t3_bu062,null,1426295514,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,joelthelion,Rhone,Rhone-Alpes,"Et au final, un an avec sursis. N'importe quoi.",0,1272876934,null,0,false,0,c0pbtyj,t3_by9gh,t1_c0pbtyj,t3_by9gh,null,1426295863,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;Then why do the get political attention?

Because the polticians  gain by giving it attention. It's not because something gets attention that it is relevant.

&gt;So as soon as the new states happen to exist, you will defend their existence for the same reason?

Give it 150 years or so. It takes a while to carve yourself out as an economic entity.

&gt;Scapegoat alert! Anyway, you'll have to work with them. There are no other ones, and if your institutions are easy to abuse, they will be abused. It doesn't help to tell them to play nice.

You're right. I should blame those who reall screwed up. The xenophobic voters.

&gt;If it's so vulnerable to exploitation, is it a good system?

Now you're admitting it's exploitation. That's a step forward to admit it has nothing to do with good governance.

&gt;The partitioned state is the result of a unitary state without a united culture. Besides, it's the federal government that has issues, not the regional ones.

The partitioned state is the result of xenophobia being exploited by power-hungry politicians.

The federal government has issues because it is partitioned.

&gt;Of course not, but it does help to better correlate policy with reality. For example, the south has a big problem with youth unemployment, while the north has a problem with 50+ unemployment. Addressing either problem will make it more difficult to solve the other. Deferring the policy to the regions would make more sense.

What would make A LOT more sense is to parition policy not according to a language border, but according to the demographic border affecting the policy. Keep the policy flexible and administer it according to flexible borders. Antwerp and Mechels having a youth unemployment issue? Alter the policy for those cities accordingly. But don't start pretending like the language border is a magical border magically splitting up demographic realities. As if crossing the border makes you enter an area where every single city has a youth unemployment issue and crossing the border again gives you a region where every single city faces a 50+ unemplyment problem.

In reality you'll have various issues and demographic realities crossing the language border.

Unemployment doesn't care which language you speak.

&gt;So, next time a racism case enters the courtroom, the judge will dismiss the case. After all, races don't exist legally, and therefore, racism doesn't exist.

&gt;Language laws have been created to protect the rights of minorities - which you said yourself are necessary. Ignoring reality doesn't make it go away.

I never said race didn't exist legally. I'm simply trying to explain if something doesn't exist legally you can't discriminate against it using the law. It's that simple.

&gt;If all political parties are bad quality, how would government be able to improve in any setup at all?

It won't.

&gt;I asked them to give you the opportunity to clarify and defend your position. Can you?

Of course I can. And so can you.",0,1272885365,null,0,false,0,c0pby46,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pby46,t1_c0pan3i,null,1426295917,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;Because the polticians gain by giving it attention. It's not because something gets attention that it is relevant.

Again, you assume that politicians are the root of all evil. Do you favour a dictatorship?

&gt;Give it 150 years or so. It takes a while to carve yourself out as an economic entity.

The labour market and industrial profile of north and south are markedly different already. That means you support the transformation of Belgium into new states that better correspond with economic reality.

&gt;You're right. I should blame those who reall screwed up. The xenophobic voters.

And why would they behave better in a unitary country?

&gt;Now you're admitting it's exploitation. That's a step forward to admit it has nothing to do with good governance.

I'm just assuming your assessment here, to examine your conclusions: if a unitary system is vulnerable to exploitation, is it a good system?

&gt;The federal government has issues because it is partitioned.

The federal government is not partitioned; it wouldn't be the federal government if it was.

&gt;What would make A LOT more sense is to parition policy not according to a language border, but according to the demographic border affecting the policy. 

That's antithetical to a unitary state.


&gt;Keep the policy flexible and administer it according to flexible borders. Antwerp and Mechels having a youth unemployment issue? Alter the policy for those cities accordingly. 

So you want to split up the unitary state into even smaller units?


&gt;...Unemployment doesn't care which language you speak.

It does. There's an undeniable link between unemployment and language(s) spoken.

&gt;I never said race didn't exist legally. I'm simply trying to explain if something doesn't exist legally you can't discriminate against it using the law. It's that simple.

That's a big comfort for the victims of those crimes.

&gt;&gt;If all political parties are bad quality, how would government be able to improve in any setup at all?
&gt;It won't.

Then why are you against state reform, since it doesn't make a difference at all?

&gt;Of course I can. And so can you.

Then do it and support your position: that's not my task.",0,1272903489,null,0,false,0,c0pcf63,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcf63,t1_c0pby46,null,1426296164,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;Again, you assume that politicians are the root of all evil. Do you favour a dictatorship?

That is not at issue. Fact is that politicians are unmotivated to endulge in constructive politics and use the road of least resistance. Happens to be the extremist, xenophobic one.

&gt;The labour market and industrial profile of north and south are markedly different already. That means you support the transformation of Belgium into new states that better correspond with economic reality.

Of course they're different. The labour market and industrial profile of Antwerp and Limburg differ immensely. You wouldn't make those separate states, now would you?

&gt;I'm just assuming your assessment here, to examine your conclusions: if a unitary system is vulnerable to exploitation, is it a good system?

There is nothing inherent to a unitary system that makes it better or worse for exploitation. Claiming the past interpretation of the unionist system proves all interpretations will be ""easily exploitable"" is shallow anecdotal evidence at best.

&gt;And why would they behave better in a unitary country?

Because there wouldn't be any xenophobic political parties. At least, politicians would be discouraged immensely to form one.

&gt;The federal government is not partitioned; it wouldn't be the federal government if it was.

My bad. I meant ""federalized government"".

&gt;That's antithetical to a unitary state.

No, it's not. It's not because a government adjusts policy according to certain parameters that it suddenly becomes a federation.

&gt;So you want to split up the unitary state into even smaller units?

No. It should be split up temporarily, entirely depending on how it should be best split up. Administer governance according to need. If half of the province of Antwerp and one town in Limburg and two cities in Brabant and a quarter of Liege province have a youth unemployment issue... Adjust policy locally to the needs.

Of course the smallest unit to which to administer policy is the individual.

&gt;It does. There's an undeniable link between unemployment and language(s) spoken.

Correlation does NOT denote causation. If you'd poll according to gender then one gender would be more employed than the other.

Same goes for eye-color or favorite food.

&gt;That's a big comfort for the victims of those crimes.

I'm trying to explain that there are no crimes and the law can't discriminate if there is no legal concept according to which to discriminate.

&gt;Then why are you against state reform, since it doesn't make a difference at all?

I'm pro state improvement. Changing circumstances will make the political parties behave differently.

&gt;Then do it and support your position: that's not my task.

Why should I if you can just as easily? Would only prove you're interested in finding a constructive solution.",0,1272904416,null,0,false,0,c0pcgfx,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcgfx,t1_c0pcf63,null,1426296181,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,phaze2,null,null,"Homöopatisches Pflanzenheilmittel...
Hilft nur bei Pflanzen die daran glauben?",0,1272907841,null,0,false,0,c0pclee,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pclee,t3_bzha9,null,1426296246,7,false,de,t5_22i0,7
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;That is not at issue. Fact is that politicians are unmotivated to endulge in constructive politics and use the road of least resistance. Happens to be the extremist, xenophobic one.

And taking into account facts when deciding which form of government to support is below you?

&gt;Of course they're different. The labour market and industrial profile of Antwerp and Limburg differ immensely. You wouldn't make those separate states, now would you?

That's their choice, and I leave it to them.

&gt;There is nothing inherent to a unitary system that makes it better or worse for exploitation.

Then why do you say a unitary system is better?

&gt;Because there wouldn't be any xenophobic political parties. At least, politicians would be discouraged immensely to form one.

Why wouldn't there be? And why would they be discouraged? As long as people have an identity, they'll react to appeals to it.

&gt;My bad. I meant ""federalized government"".

So if only a tiny part of a federal government is regionalised, it stops working altogether? That's remarkable, because you say elsewhere they you would defer the competence of economic policy to city regions. Hence, your government wouldn't function either.

&gt;No, it's not. It's not because a government adjusts policy according to certain parameters that it suddenly becomes a federation.

It is. A unitary state has uniform policies on its territory. If it hasn't it's decentralized to some extent.

&gt;No. It should be split up temporarily, entirely depending on how it should be best split up. Administer governance according to need. If half of the province of Antwerp and one town in Limburg and two cities in Brabant and a quarter of Liege province have a youth unemployment issue... Adjust policy locally to the needs.

That's completely ridiculous. People would need to keep track of the body of laws that apply to every individual. If two people have conflict, which person's law does apply then?

&gt;Correlation does NOT denote causation. If you'd poll according to gender then one gender would be more employed than the other.

This is not a matter of correlation, but documented mechanisms and experience. People who speak two languages find better jobs and find work sooner. That link is about as clear as the link between sex and becoming pregnant. Or don't you use anti-conception, because correlation is not causation?


&gt;I'm trying to explain that there are no crimes and the law can't discriminate if there is no legal concept according to which to discriminate.

Which is better: a form of government that addresses discrimination, or a form of government that pretends it doesn't exist?

&gt;I'm pro state improvement. Changing circumstances will make the political parties behave differently.

No, because you've argued several times that politicians are vile and not to be trusted, and that's their fault that the unitary paradise Belgium evolved into a partly regionalised state.

&gt;Why should I if you can just as easily? Would only prove you're interested in finding a constructive solution.

Because you're saying that your solution is better, and I'm curious and would like to know how you would address these issues in that framework.",0,1272909015,null,0,false,0,c0pcn4s,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcn4s,t1_c0pcgfx,null,1426296267,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,"&gt;And taking into account facts when deciding which form of government to support is below you?

Getting a little agitated, are we?

&gt;That's their choice, and I leave it to them.

Well, according to separatist rhetoric Antwerp has as much reason to become independent as Flanders has.

&gt;Then why do you say a unitary system is better?

Because exploit-ability isn't a main criterium.

&gt;Why wouldn't there be? And why would they be discouraged? As long as people have an identity, they'll react to appeals to it.

Why wouldn't there be? For the same reason there aren't any ""Antwerp independent"" parties in the regional or federal governments.

&gt;So if only a tiny part of a federal government is regionalised, it stops working altogether? That's remarkable, because you say elsewhere they you would defer the competence of economic policy to city regions. Hence, your government wouldn't function either.

To partition or not to partition is not an absolute concept with one single interpretation. There's a difference between artificially dividing a state according to arbitrary language borders and making policy depend on a person's unique situation.

&gt;It is. A unitary state has uniform policies on its territory. If it hasn't it's decentralized to some extent.

Do you even know the definition of a unitary state? No, you don't.

&gt;That's completely ridiculous. People would need to keep track of the body of laws that apply to every individual. If two people have conflict, which person's law does apply then?

The government already works like this. Fill in your tax forms and you'll realize how many exceptions and special laws there are to cater  to the variety of individual situations that exist.

Geographical location isn't the alpha and the omega of the properties to be used in legislation making, you know...

&gt;This is not a matter of correlation, but documented mechanisms and experience. People who speak two languages find better jobs and find work sooner. That link is about as clear as the link between sex and becoming pregnant. Or don't you use anti-conception, because correlation is not causation?

Ah, I thought you were saying Dutch-speaking people are more employed than French speaking people (or vice versa).

BTW, please don't start arguing against the basic and accepted law that correlation does not denote causation. It kinda negatively affects your credibility...

&gt;Which is better: a form of government that addresses discrimination, or a form of government that pretends it doesn't exist?

You completely refuse to understand. I'm trying to explain that if the law has no concept of race that it is impossible for the law to be used to discriminate against someone.

&gt;No, because you've argued several times that politicians are vile and not to be trusted, and that's their fault that the unitary paradise Belgium evolved into a partly regionalised state.

I've never argued such things, despite my distrust of politicians. I also never said that the past unitary belgium (in as far as it ever was truly unitary) was a paradise. You're ridiculing out of despair.

&gt;Because you're saying that your solution is better, and I'm curious and would like to know how you would address these issues in that framework.

And I say it's not hard to think of solutions if you only wanted to.",0,1272910772,null,0,false,0,c0pcpmb,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcpmb,t1_c0pcn4s,null,1426296300,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"&gt;And I say it's not hard to think of solutions if you only wanted to.

Since you're not even willing to defend your position, this discussion has become pointless.

I can only conclude that you have learnt to wave a Belgian flag in kindergarten, and have not progressed beyond that.",0,1272911382,null,0,false,0,c0pcqge,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcqge,t1_c0pcpmb,null,1426296310,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,You having no choice but to become angry shows the validity of your arguments.,0,1272911964,null,0,false,0,c0pcrbz,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcrbz,t1_c0pcqge,null,1426296322,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"This discussion is ironically very similar to Belgium: if one side does not consider its interests to be served with reaching a conclusion, it can make the discussion go in circles. However, when the other side tires of the stalling, the deaf ears and the contempt, it ends - like the negotiations, and perhaps the country.",0,1272913721,null,0,false,0,c0pctuh,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pctuh,t1_c0pcrbz,null,1426296354,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,MadAce,BELG,Belgium,It's only a discussion. Don't get delusions of grandeur.,0,1272913915,null,0,false,0,c0pcu5g,t3_bwcav,t1_c0pcu5g,t1_c0pctuh,null,1426296358,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,Gobuchul,null,null,Du glaubst nicht wie viele Pflanzen schon haben dran glauben müssen unter meiner Ägide.,0,1272916281,null,0,false,0,c0pcvy5,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pcvy5,t1_c0pclee,null,1426296382,6,false,de,t5_22i0,6
true,psyfred,null,null,"Der erste Mai ist – insbesondere in Berlin – immer ein besonderer Tag. Die rechtsextremen Parteien demonstrieren – besser gesagt wollen demonstrieren – werden aber von einer Übermacht von Bürgern gestoppt die Ihrer Pflicht nachkommen und der rechten Szene klar machen, dass für sie in Deutschland kein Platz ist.

Ein klares NEIN gegen extreme politische Orientierung ist Bürgerpflicht. NEIN gegen Rechts, NEIN gegen extrem Links. Ein klares Zeichen sollte auch die Politik zeigen, ein Zeichen, dass nur von einer Minderheit gesetzt wurde. Herr Thierse war einer der wenigen Bundespolitiker, der seiner Bürgerpflicht nachgekommen ist, friedliche demonstration der Meinung die in Deutschland herrscht.

Ein Parlamentarier hatte den Schneit seiner Bürgerpflicht nachzukommen und gegen extreme politische Ansichten ein Zeichen zu setzen. Dagegen steht ein Sprecher der Polizeigewerkschaft, der zu Urteilen beginnt. Wo soll das hinführen? Entscheidet die Polzei nun schon über Recht und Unrecht, oder überlassen wir das immer noch den Gerichten?

Ich begrüße es, dass bei jeder nächsten Demonstration von Rechts oder extrem Links Parlamentarier, Komunalpolitiker und Bürger Ihrer Pflicht nachkommen, politischen Extremen ein klares NEIN zu demonstrieren. Ich wünsche mir, dass sich die Entscheidungsträger der Länger und Städte klar Positionieren. Jeder Politiker, der sich nicht klar mit NEIN dazu äußert muss sich rechtfertigen.

Klares NEIN gegen Rechts, klares NEIN gegen linke Gewalt ist Bürgerpflicht!",0,1272916708,null,0,false,0,c0pcwke,t3_bzk2u,t1_c0pcwke,t3_bzk2u,null,1426296390,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,flostre,null,null,Das sind doch ideale Bedingungen für eine Doppelblind-Studie. Kein Placebo-Effekt. For Science!,0,1272916960,null,0,false,0,c0pcwxt,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pcwxt,t3_bzha9,null,1426296394,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1272917095,null,0,false,0,c0pcx4f,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pcx4f,t1_c0pcwxt,null,1426296397,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,anynickleft,null,null,"Probiers aus und berichte. Schlimmstenfalls ist es Wasser, da schaden 30 Tropfen mehr nicht ernsthaft.",0,1272917238,null,0,false,0,c0pcxc5,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pcxc5,t3_bzha9,null,1426296400,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1272917673,null,0,true,0,c0pcy0f,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pcy0f,t1_c0pcxc5,null,1426296408,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,Lonelobo,null,null,"Würde mich dafür interessieren, was die Muttersprachler dazu meinen - laut einigen Quellen könnte die Eröffnung der Akten darauf hinweisen, dass BRD und Schweize Behörden an seiner Flucht nach Sudamerika beteiligt waren.


Tut mir Leid, falls ihr mein Deutsch nicht verstehen könntet. Ich versuche, meine deutschen Sprachkenntnisse zu verbessern, in dem ich unter r/de lese und schreibe.",0,1272926325,null,0,false,0,c0pdadr,t3_bzlyz,t1_c0pdadr,t3_bzlyz,null,1426296569,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,moriquendo,null,null,"Ach, deshalb funktioniert das bei meinen Geranien nicht! Die sind nämlich Atheistinnen. Pah, muss ich wohl wieder irgendwo Pferdemist beschaffen... ",0,1272933780,null,0,false,0,c0pdjl2,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pdjl2,t1_c0pclee,null,1426296688,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,barsoap,NOOR,Noordland,Gehts noch schwammiger?,0,1272949126,null,0,false,0,c0pe21e,t3_bzk2u,t1_c0pe21e,t1_c0pcwke,null,1426296927,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,barsoap,NOOR,Noordland,"Wenn sich 10.000 Menschen versammeln ohne das Gewaltmonopol zu brechen dann ist mir schleierhaft, wie ein Einsatzleiter auf die Idee kommen kann er hätte vom Volk ein Mandat diese Versammlung aufzulösen. Immerhin geht alle Staatsgewalt vom Volke aus.",0,1272949829,null,0,false,0,c0pe2us,t3_bzf0o,t1_c0pe2us,t3_bzf0o,null,1426296939,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"""Fußball for free"" und ""60 Cent am Tag"" ja ne... is klar.",0,1272962383,null,0,false,0,c0pecef,t3_bzs73,t1_c0pecef,t3_bzs73,null,1426297061,0,false,de,t5_22i0,0
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1272972542,null,0,false,0,c0pegtz,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pegtz,t3_bzha9,null,1426297119,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"Tatsächlich wurde die statistische Versuchsplanung im Agrarbereich und nicht in der Medizin entwickelt. Einleuchtend: Ein nicht zu vernachlässigendes Rauschen im Verhältnis zum Signal, aber gleichzeitig Versuchseinheiten, die alles mit sich machen lassen.
",0,1272973724,null,0,false,0,c0pehfv,t3_bzha9,t1_c0pehfv,t1_c0pcwxt,null,1426297127,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,ivbauer,null,null,"Ein etwas genauerer Link schadet nicht:
http://blog.svendartsch.de/2010/05/03/burgerpflicht-gegen-burgerrecht/
(Sonst weiß in ein paar Tagen niemand mehr, was gemeint ist.)",0,1272974669,null,0,false,0,c0pehyy,t3_bzk2u,t1_c0pehyy,t3_bzk2u,null,1426297134,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Si tratta di un paio di sandali da donna davvero particolari.
Realizzati su un delicato motivo floreale bianco su sfondo in tessuto blu e ingentiliti da un tacco affusolato, sono la giusta soluzione per un pomeriggio estivo all'insegna dell'eleganza.

Disponibili nei migliori negozi di calzature, i sandali da donna by Ralph Lauren costano circa ...",0,1273001714,null,0,false,0,c0pfeki,t3_c02q2,t1_c0pfeki,t3_c02q2,null,1426297556,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,jan,null,null,"Niemand kommt damit billiger weg.

Wer regelmäßig schwarz fährt und damit rechnen muss, in Laufe seines Lebens mehrfach erwischt zu werden, zahlt unter Strich (wenn die Versicherung fair organisiert ist und keinen Verwaltungsoverhead verursacht) gleich viel.

Wer selten fährt, also nur vielleicht erwischt wird, hat einen Vorteil aus der Versicherung. Er reduziert das Risko (auf Null) und zahlt dafür eine kleine Prämie (Flatrate). Wenn jemand sehr wenig Geld hat, so dass die Strafe von 50EUR den Ruin bedeuten würden, dann und nur dann, ist die Versicherung ein nennenswerter Vorteil.

Deswegen versichert man sich ja im Allg gegen teure Risiken, nicht gegen jeden Scheiß.",0,1273002364,null,0,false,0,c0pffkv,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pffkv,t3_c02h3,null,1426297571,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Les livres pour enfants sont peut-être un peu trop simples et pas assez intéressants à lire, d'autant plus que tu sembles avoir un assez bon niveau de français écrit ; tu devrais peut-être lire des bandes dessinées, notamment *Les aventures de Tintin* dont le langage est simple et clair, et qui (à l'inverse d'*Astérix*) contient peu de références culturelles difficilement accessibles aux non français.

En ce qui concerne le cinéma, j'avoue que la plupart des films français m'ont toujours paru difficiles pour des débutants, car les dialogues sont ""naturels"" c'est-à-dire rapides, peu articulés et avec un niveau de langue familier. En revanche, je peux donner un conseil qui sera peut-être paradoxal : essaie de regarder des films de Disney (comme *Le livre de la jungle*, *Aladdin*, *Là-haut*, etc.), les doublages sont d'excellente qualité et faciles à comprendre. La version française des films de Miyazaki (surtout ceux destinés à un public jeune, comme *Mon voisin Totoro* ou *Kiki la petite sorcière*) pourrait également te plaire. Je ne connais pas très bien la production cinématographique française pour enfants, mais *Kirikou et la sorcière* est très bien, ainsi que le classique et incontournable *Le roi et l'oiseau*.",0,1273011377,null,0,false,0,c0pfrxs,t3_c04jp,t1_c0pfrxs,t3_c04jp,null,1426297734,3,false,france,t5_2qhjz,3
true,Alikese,null,null,"Watch the movie Gomorra.

There is still a lot of shady things going on in Southern Italy.",0,1273013991,null,0,false,0,c0pfun1,t3_c04yr,t1_c0pfun1,t3_c04yr,null,1426297769,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,norquist,null,null,"comic books and manga are a good place to start.  You might get bored with children's stories whereas a comic book might have a more compelling story. Also, they're all dialogue, so you're going to see some slang thrown around from time to time.

Peroke makes a good point about Asterix.  It's may be easy to find, but wordy and hard to understand.   

""Fluide Glacial"" isn't too bad either.  It's a collection of shorter comics by different artists published monthly or so.   It can be hard to understand at times but on the up side, it's geared towards adults.  

Lastly, Le Petit Prince est toujours un bon livre à lire.  ",0,1273034469,null,0,false,0,c0pg5ps,t3_c04jp,t1_c0pg5ps,t3_c04jp,null,1426297913,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"Der Punkt ist ja, dass die Fahrkarte eine überteuerte Versicherungssumme gegen auffallendes Schwarzfahren ist.

Der Einsatz von Kontrolleuren hat für die Verkehrsbetriebe einen unmittelbaren finanziellen Nutzen durch erwischte Schwarzfahrer und einen mittelbaren durch Abschreckung. Vor allem dadurch wird der *break-even point* durch verschiedene Verkehrsgesellschaften auf 2-3 Prozent Kontrolldichte geschätzt. Meine persönliche Erfahrung liegt auf jeden Fall drunter. (Ja, ich weiß, [citation needed], hab ich mal gelesen, wenn ich mir Mühe gebe, kann ich eine Quelle auftun).

Multipliziert man das erhöhte Beförderungsentgelt von 40 € bei uns oder 50 € in Paris mit diesen 2-3 Prozent, liegt man deutlich unter dem Preis für einen Einzelfahrschein. Die Versicherungsprämie kann damit irgendwo in dieser bequemen Lücke angesetzt werden.

Problematisch wird es durch die Wiederholungstäter, die mit höheren Geld- und im Extremfall sogar [Haftstrafen](http://dejure.org/gesetze/StGB/265a.html) rechnen müssen. NB: Warum notorische Falschparker nicht unter dieses Gesetz fallen, erschließt sich mir nicht.

*EDIT:* Das sind natürlich keine Gegenargumente gegen deine Ausführungen, wer die 50 € verfügbar hat, tritt so einem Klub natürlich nicht bei. Früher haben bei uns ein paar Schüler auch so ein System gefahren, das waren Leute, die die damals 40 DM nicht so locker hatten.
",0,1273044543,null,0,true,0,c0pgcpp,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pgcpp,t1_c0pffkv,null,1426298004,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,captainLAGER,null,null,Ganz schön wirrer Artikel. Hauptsache Stasi 2.0-Polemik.,0,1273045541,null,0,false,0,c0pgdah,t3_c0415,t1_c0pgdah,t3_c0415,null,1426298011,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"Gibt's auch seit lange in Schweden, [planka.nu](http://planka.nu/international/auf-deutsch). In der letzen Zeit haben sie aber Problem gehabt, da die Bußen teurer und teurer werden (in Göteborg schon €160), und desw. kostet es da €20/Mon. + €10 wenn man erwischt wird; in Stockholm aber immer noch 10 Euro/Mon.",0,1273053969,null,0,false,0,c0pggua,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pggua,t3_c02h3,null,1426298057,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,Ho66es,null,null,Naja Krankheitstechnisch sind wir auch gegen jeden Scheiss versichert und alle freuen sich darueber wie toll das ist.,0,1273064205,null,0,false,0,c0pglx1,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pglx1,t1_c0pffkv,null,1426298124,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,jan,null,null,"Stimmt, aber man kann inzwischen Selbstbeteiligungen vereinbaren.",0,1273066624,null,0,false,0,c0pgnoz,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pgnoz,t1_c0pglx1,null,1426298151,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,Ho66es,null,null,"In Deutschland vielleicht, glaub nicht dass das bei uns in Oesterreich geht.",0,1273067548,null,0,false,0,c0pgogm,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pgogm,t1_c0pgnoz,null,1426298159,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,jan,null,null,wirtzig,0,1273070383,null,0,false,0,c0pgr1c,t3_c02h3,t1_c0pgr1c,t1_c0pggua,null,1426298192,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,no1name,null,null,"I don't 'get' the protests in Greece. The people screw up their own economy, live lifestyles beyond the ability of the country to support, when the axe falls and they have to pay it off, they riot and destroy their cities. 

What do they hope to achieve from it?",0,1273085258,null,0,false,0,c0ph69z,t3_c0ebq,t1_c0ph69z,t3_c0ebq,null,1426298390,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,tpark,null,null,"The translations of the ""Geronimo Stilton"" series of books into French are readable and pretty good.   Anne Gavalda wrote a book ""35 kilos d'espoir"" which is good and should be readable without too much effort. There are books available from Ecolemax (they are redoing their website though) that are good for learning.   As Peroke has noted, most of the French films would be too hard as they speak too quickly and/or use the local vernacular and pronunciation.   For learning, cartoons such as Barbapapa, a cartoon about helpful shape-shifting creatures is good, as they speak slowly and use a limited vocabulary.  Radio France International and Radio Canada.


Si vous comprenez assez bien le français, vous pourriez vous abonner à Champs-Elysees. Il y a beaucoup de petits histoires intéressants et il explique (en anglais) les expressions idiomatiques. Peut-être qu'il est cher mais c'est bon. 


There is also a language learning reddit, you may be able to get some help there.  


",0,1273090150,null,0,false,0,c0ph9bj,t3_c04jp,t1_c0ph9bj,t3_c04jp,null,1426298429,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273132217,null,0,false,0,c0pha1o,t3_c0ebq,t1_c0pha1o,t1_c0ph69z,null,1426298439,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,DonManuel,flag-at,Eisenstadt,"Was uns in Österreich gestern der ORF erzählt hat:

Es brannte nicht nur eine Bank, sondern daneben auch ein Finanzamt, in dem zufälligerweise jede Menge Akten über Steuersünder lagerten, wovon auch tatsächlich zumindest einige auch verbrannt sein sollen. Das klingt für mich gar nicht einmal nach Linksextremismus, sondern nach ganz ""normaler"" mafiaartiger Kriminalität.",0,1273138115,null,0,false,0,c0phd9l,t3_c0iuh,t1_c0phd9l,t3_c0iuh,null,1426298480,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,kultursafari,null,null,"Hier, Berlin +1",0,1273150651,null,0,false,0,c0phj4u,t3_buln1,t1_c0phj4u,t3_buln1,null,1426298556,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,azbukov,null,null,noe) viel interresanter ist es was in Deutschland wirklich passiert,0,1273151814,null,0,false,0,c0phjtf,t3_c0iuh,t1_c0phjtf,t3_c0iuh,null,1426298565,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,"bon faut pas réver, je ne pense pas que cela debouche sur quoi que ce soit....",0,1273160668,null,0,false,0,c0phrqj,t3_c0mx5,t1_c0phrqj,t3_c0mx5,null,1426298668,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,joelthelion,Rhone,Rhone-Alpes,"Le recours a l'air fondé juridiquement, ça peut marcher... ",0,1273166944,null,0,false,0,c0phyku,t3_c0mx5,t1_c0phyku,t1_c0phrqj,null,1426298758,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,stesch,null,null,"&gt; She can't dance, but doesn't seem to care",0,1273171049,null,0,false,0,c0pi2um,t3_c0pbg,t1_c0pi2um,t3_c0pbg,null,1426298812,9,false,germany,t5_2qi4z,9
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273172855,null,0,false,0,c0pi4vg,t3_c0iuh,t1_c0pi4vg,t3_c0iuh,null,1426298838,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,tpark,null,null,"French in Action is great, get the book though, it is very helpful.  If you know sort of what they are talking about in the news (Reddit is a good source of what stories are hot) the news is easier to follow.  If you persist in listening to the news and continue your French learning programs you'll make good progress.  Assimil ""French with ease"" is also a good course.  ",0,1273202670,null,0,false,0,c0pj30v,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pj30v,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299300,4,false,france,t5_2qhjz,4
true,ralphodog,null,null,"http://www.rfi.fr/lfen/statiques/accueil.asp

RFI has a ton of stuff to learn French. My favorite is their news in ""simple French"", though it's definitely more for an intermediate level learner. 

Edit: Also, don't trust everything in Rosetta stone. I distinctly remember coming across a few things in it where I recognized the pronunciation as wrong or the word choice as extremely awkward. ",0,1273204879,null,0,false,0,c0pj5bp,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pj5bp,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299330,4,false,france,t5_2qhjz,4
true,Kanin,TAAF,Terres australes et antarctiques,"m6replay.fr, france2.fr, and more in pv.",0,1273205878,null,0,false,0,c0pj690,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pj690,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299340,5,false,france,t5_2qhjz,5
true,magnasombrero,null,null,"All of these are awesome, thanks all!

Exactly what I was looking for.",0,1273206832,null,0,false,0,c0pj76v,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pj76v,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299354,3,false,france,t5_2qhjz,3
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,du coup on se demande meme s ils ne se sont pas plus focalises sur la comm que sur comment empecher cette catastrophe...,0,1273209667,null,0,false,0,c0pj9pi,t3_c0wzs,t1_c0pj9pi,t3_c0wzs,null,1426299386,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,square_cubed,null,null,"It's disappointing to see even the largest European countries not using their national languages, in favour of English.",0,1273212337,null,0,false,0,c0pjbvt,t3_c0pbg,t1_c0pjbvt,t3_c0pbg,null,1426299414,1,false,germany,t5_2qi4z,1
true,DonManuel,flag-at,Eisenstadt,Das habe ich mir bei meinen Augenwülsten und meiner fliehenden Stirn schon lange gedacht :D,0,1273215931,null,0,false,0,c0pjegh,t3_c0qzm,t1_c0pjegh,t3_c0qzm,null,1426299448,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,jadah93,IDF,Ile-de-France,"Watch some French movies, watch them several times, it will help you a lot. You could go for Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain, or La Haine. Just some examples :) GL",0,1273216706,null,0,false,0,c0pjez1,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjez1,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299455,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,findaloancanada,null,null,"Mercedes-Benz TV ",0,1273217994,null,0,false,0,c0pjftn,t3_7dr7t,t1_c0pjftn,t3_7dr7t,null,1426299466,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"I see nobody has mentioned [TV5](http://www.tv5.org) yet, so there. It's an international French-language TV station largely aimed at non-natives, so they take care to speak clearly. Their website even has a [language section](http://www.tv5.org/cms/chaine-francophone/Langue-Francaise/p-7174-Langue-francaise.htm) that came in handy a few times when I was teaching French.",0,1273218915,null,0,false,0,c0pjgdp,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjgdp,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299472,8,false,france,t5_2qhjz,8
true,hakhzor,null,null,"the reason she was everyone's favourite was because she had such a ""good english accent"" 
haha",0,1273226143,null,0,false,0,c0pjjxk,t3_c0pbg,t1_c0pjjxk,t3_c0pbg,null,1426299519,2,false,germany,t5_2qi4z,2
true,jandk,null,null,"Here are my film suggestions: Delicatessen, Pierrot le Fou, Belle de Jour, Un Conte de Noel, Rois et Reine, Le Scaphandre et le Papillon, Les Parapluies de Cherbourg, and of course I agree with La Haine and Amélie. Oh, and also La Femme Nikita if you like action. ",0,1273227967,null,0,false,0,c0pjknx,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjknx,t1_c0pjez1,null,1426299528,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,jandk,null,null,"The website french.about.com has audio files that are mostly free that you can listen to. Also, you can learn French songs like ""La Claire Fontaine"" and ""Les Champs Elysées."" Print out the lyrics, translate it, and then get to the point where you can sing along. You can also do this for more modern French songs. I especially like listening to the music of Edith Piaf and Jacques Brel - their songs are quite easy to translate. 

Once you get better, you can print out/read one French article a day on a website like lemonde.fr or something. Read it, and look up words you don't know. This is a great way to build vocabulary. 

Also, Rosetta Stone kind of sucks. It's good for learning how to pronounce stuff, but when you go through all 3 levels you realize that you basically learned nothing. I'd toss it aside, sell it, whatever, and see if your library has French books with an audio CD attached that you can listen to in the car or at home. 

I also recommend (I know this isn't immersion) a complete exercise book for French grammar. I have a few of these at home. You can work through them at your own pace, and by the end of it you'll have a much better understanding of tenses, adjectives, pronouns, etc. Schaums is a great grammar guide because they explain everything so beginners can use it.

Oh, and one last thing, I also really like to put French subtitles on movies that I watch in English. This helps me to see how you would say certain things in French. Try it out the next time you watch a DVD!

P.S. A lot of cities have an Alliance Francaise. I'd look into it since you're learning French on your own. Immersion with native speakers is the best way to learn! Have fun!",0,1273228503,null,0,false,0,c0pjkv1,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjkv1,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299530,5,false,france,t5_2qhjz,5
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,on n est pas rendu...,0,1273228989,null,0,false,0,c0pjl27,t3_c10bz,t1_c0pjl27,t3_c10bz,null,1426299533,3,false,france,t5_2qhjz,3
true,magnasombrero,null,null,"Thanks, I actually studied at the Alliance Francaise a few years ago and quite honestly their method sucks balls. They use out-dated as hell programs and teach you grammar and stupid crap first. I had nothing but French teachers as well! I had to move out of town and stopped like 3 months after though.

I am actually making real progress with Rosetta Stone I don't know why you say it's crap, I'm definitely able to come up with phrases on the spot thanks to it, my girlfriend studied french for a few years and after a week of Rosetta Stone I could already have small-talk with her and she said I was better at it than she was! (maybe not though).

I am not your typical student, I learned English on my own when I was about 12 years old on the internet as well (12 years ago) I can speak and write with perfect fluency as you can notice.

Also, I have already done the subtitles thing, I just wish I could watch French in Action with subtitles, it would be many times more helpful(I dled it obviously).

It's useful to watch movies with French subtitles as you said but that's for more advanced levels than I'm at right now, for example that's how I perfected my English, by just consuming thousands of hours of media every single day. :)",0,1273235323,null,0,false,0,c0pjo5u,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjo5u,t1_c0pjkv1,null,1426299573,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,magnasombrero,null,null,"Thanks, m6replay.fr is simply awesome and exactly the kind of thing I'm looking for.",0,1273235400,null,0,false,0,c0pjo7j,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjo7j,t1_c0pj690,null,1426299573,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,magnasombrero,null,null,"I will definitely listen to ""simple French"" news! It even has a transcript, since Spanish is my native language transcripts help a lot (many words are similar).",0,1273235435,null,0,false,0,c0pjo87,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjo87,t1_c0pj5bp,null,1426299573,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,taigaIV,null,null,I think looking them with french subtitles can be effective.,0,1273236184,null,0,false,0,c0pjoql,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjoql,t1_c0pjez1,null,1426299580,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,dClauzel,Rhone,Rhône-Alpes,"What about newspapers ?
* Le Monde : http://LeMonde.fr
* Libération : http://Liberation.fr
* Le Figaro : http://LeFigaro.fr
* les Échos : http://LesEchos.fr
* Science &amp; Vie : http://www.Science-et-vie.com/

And children and teenagers's magazines (they are easy to read!)
* Science et Vie Junior : http://www.labosvj.fr/ 
* J'aime lire : http://www.jAimeLire.com/
* Phosphore : http://www.Phosphore.com/",0,1273236668,null,0,true,0,c0pjp3g,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjp3g,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299585,5,false,france,t5_2qhjz,5
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,there plenty of good torrent directories for French films (or French speaking fiilm) like torrent411.com,0,1273241107,null,0,false,0,c0pjt4h,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjt4h,t3_c0vj9,null,1426299637,4,false,france,t5_2qhjz,4
true,corbs,null,null,I don''t know but I'm gutted.,0,1273242828,null,0,false,0,c0pjuzj,t3_c132w,t1_c0pjuzj,t3_c132w,null,1426299662,3,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,3
true,amberamberamber,null,null,The Science of Sleep,0,1273242955,null,0,false,0,c0pjv4t,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjv4t,t1_c0pjez1,null,1426299664,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Yea I thought the lib dems were supposed to be the cool ones this time around, and they polled better than the final results show.",0,1273243401,null,0,false,0,c0pjvo1,t3_c132w,t1_c0pjvo1,t1_c0pjuzj,null,1426299670,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,Sealbhach,null,null,"* Conservatives: 10,681,417 votes - 305 seats

* Labour: 8,601,441 votes - 258 seats

* Lib Dems: 6,805,665  	- 57 seats

I am not a psephologist but I think there's something wrong about this...",0,1273245221,null,0,false,0,c0pjxu8,t3_c132w,t1_c0pjxu8,t3_c132w,null,1426299700,5,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,5
true,unamournumerique,null,null,"TV5 is good, and I would particularly recommend the TSR news broadcasts. These come from Switzerland, where the French spoken is markedly clearer and slower. I am a French Literature student, so I'm often on the lookout for ways and means.
In terms of radio, I would recommend delving through the France Inter podcasts, or the Libération.fr podcasts. These have two that are tech-related 'Silence, on joue!' (Silence, we're playing!, about games), and 'Ecrans' (Screens, about technology/internet stuff)",0,1273245997,null,0,false,0,c0pjyt0,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjyt0,t1_c0pjgdp,null,1426299712,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,unamournumerique,null,null,I'm hoping it shows reruns of 'Un dîner presque parfait',0,1273246024,null,0,false,0,c0pjyuf,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pjyuf,t1_c0pjo7j,null,1426299712,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,Raerth,ENGL,England,"Lib Dems got a lot of 2nd places, which is why electoral reform is one of their policies.",0,1273246962,null,0,false,0,c0pjzzl,t3_c132w,t1_c0pjzzl,t1_c0pjxu8,null,1426299727,3,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,3
true,[deleted],null,null,"Most people in the UK see politics as football 'My dad voted tory so I'll vote tory'

Also the older generation (and the UK has a lot of them) are still stuck in the 2 party mindset. Luckily most of them will be dead soon, and we can start actually sorting shit out.",0,1273247524,null,0,false,0,c0pk0p7,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk0p7,t1_c0pjvo1,null,1426299735,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,Too bad they'll have negligible clout to act on that,0,1273247628,null,0,true,0,c0pk0tv,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk0tv,t1_c0pjzzl,null,1426299737,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"If it was purely proportional, based on those results it would be

* Conservatives - 253 Seats
* Labour - 204 Seats
* Lib Dems - 162 Seats",0,1273247900,null,0,false,0,c0pk17m,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk17m,t1_c0pjxu8,null,1426299743,4,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,4
true,hughk,EURO,European Union,Not so much now. The Lib-Dems have said that whoever they partner with must put electoral reform on the table. As neither the Tories nor Labour have an outright majority some reform must happen.,0,1273248171,null,0,false,0,c0pk1l4,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk1l4,t1_c0pk0tv,null,1426299747,6,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,6
true,CptHaddock,UKGB,United Kingdom,"Yeah, my dad has always voted Labour and always will, no matter what. He hated the war, letting the City off the leash, Mandelson, etc. etc. but he still voted for them.

Despite saying that people like him not voting for the Libs because they can't see them winning is the reason they won't win. He can see it, but he wont do it.",0,1273249428,null,0,false,0,c0pk33o,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk33o,t1_c0pk0p7,null,1426299766,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,CptHaddock,UKGB,United Kingdom,"The Libs have been talked up like this before, people say things to pollsters to get rid of them, they change their mind and vote with tradition in the polling booth, tactical voting, lots of reasons for it.

Still very disappointing though. We need to get rid of the generations of party-loyal voters before anything will change. They just vote for the brand, not the product.",0,1273249738,null,0,false,0,c0pk3io,t3_c132w,t1_c0pk3io,t3_c132w,null,1426299772,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,djromaric,null,null,"The best french film ever: Le pere noel est une ordure

Then:

Les Bronzes (Only the first 2. The 3rd sucked)

Le Villain

La Villaine

La Femme de mon pote

Une nuit d'ivresse

Les sous doues (all of them)

Les deux mondes

Camping

Disco

Nos Jours Heureux

Les Ripoux

Anything with Thierry Lhermitte

I have plenty more.  Let me know if you want any of them.",0,1273252156,null,0,true,0,c0pk6rz,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pk6rz,t1_c0pjez1,null,1426299815,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,samarrangepas,null,null,"Hi, hola 
RFI is definitely a good choice , and TV5 and ArteTV to watch TV.
I'd like to add the national radio France-Inter to the short list. You can listen France-Inter live by clicking [here](http://sites.radiofrance.fr/franceinter/aide/ecou/).
I'm french but not in France, and listening the national radio of my new country helped me a lot.",0,1273257057,null,0,false,0,c0pk9v9,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pk9v9,t1_c0pjo87,null,1426299855,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,jadah93,IDF,Ile-de-France,les bronzes mdr ^^,0,1273260900,null,0,false,0,c0pkeq7,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pkeq7,t1_c0pk6rz,null,1426299917,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,Gobuchul,null,null,"Wenn er das tatsächlich getan haben sollte, kann er seine Kutte gleich komplett ablegen. Oder glaubt Mixa, als Kinderschänder kommt er dann immer noch in den Himmel?",0,1273265955,null,0,false,0,c0pklco,t3_c14vr,t1_c0pklco,t3_c14vr,null,1426300003,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,jandk,null,null,"Hm...well I'm trying to learn Polish currently and I tried using Rosetta Stone but it didn't teach me much. I find I learn better when I write things down and use an audio CD paired with a book. Personally I wouldn't shell out a bunch of money for Rosetta Stone, but I get it for free through the military so I tried it for a few weeks. ",0,1273273783,null,0,false,0,c0pkuc8,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pkuc8,t1_c0pjo5u,null,1426300120,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,paulemaule1,null,null,wat?,0,1273306550,null,0,false,0,c0plm0e,t3_c1dg9,t1_c0plm0e,t3_c1dg9,null,1426300479,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,boolianlove,UKGB,United Kingdom,"Under a proportional system this is exactly what would be happening right now, the three parties would be negotiation to create a government, Nick Clegg is just doing exactly what he said he would do, allowing the party with the most votes to start the negotiations.

He could have very easily just done the constitutional (and Conservative supported) thing and jumped into bed with Labour who according to tradition, as the incumbents, have the right to try and form a government first, but then that's not what they have been fighting for for the last 60 years.

Whether or not they can actually agree enough to form a government is another issue, people on either side wont like it at all, but by agreeing to the process the Lib Dem's are doing honourable thing.",0,1273324770,null,0,false,0,c0plto0,t3_c132w,t1_c0plto0,t3_c132w,null,1426300577,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Articolo dedicato alla nuova collezione di scarpe FlyFlot per l'estate 2010, una collezione di nuovi modelli di calzature per uomo, donna e bambini. 

Per la prossima estate 2010 FlyFlot propone come sempre calzature innanzitutto all'insegna della comodità e del benessere del piede, sviluppando ben 3 linee di calzature per l'uomo, e addirittura 5 dedicate al piede della donna.

Tra i modelli di scarpe della collezione FlyFlot vi scrivo oggi di un modello di ciabatte molto comode, realizzate con laccetti e sottopiede in pelle, color viola ...",0,1273327021,null,0,false,0,c0plv0r,t3_c1gfy,t1_c0plv0r,t3_c1gfy,null,1426300595,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,ferencb,null,null,"Here are the transcripts for the FIA lessons:

http://www.scribd.com/doc/6150224/French-in-Action-Basic-Course-52-Lessons-by-Pierre-Capretz?secret_password=&amp;autodown=pdf

I don't read the transcript until after I've watched each lesson once or twice, but it helps to fill in the gaps.",0,1273338308,null,0,false,0,c0pm3rs,t3_c0vj9,t1_c0pm3rs,t1_c0pjo5u,null,1426300708,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Was mich viel mehr irritiert ist, wie weit anscheinend dieses Problem in der katholischen Kirche verbreitet ist. Man kann ja davon ausgehen dass jetzt immer noch eine mehr oder minder große Dunkelziffer von Opfern existiert. 

Liegt es am Zölibat? Wenn ja, war es in der Geschichte jemals anders? ",0,1273346211,null,0,false,0,c0pmb2e,t3_c14vr,t1_c0pmb2e,t1_c0pklco,null,1426300803,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,tahititv,null,null,"Votez pour l'un des 6 scénarios du jeu concours ""Tahiti, je t'écris"" organisé par Tahiti.tv en partenariat avec les hôtels Manava suite resort Tahiti , Huahine Te Tiare beach resort , Le Taha’a private island &amp; Spa, les compagnies aériennes Air Tahiti Nui et Air Tahiti, Tahizea , l’institut du monoï, et Vin de Tahiti. http://apps.facebook.com/promotionshq/contests/33495/voteable_entries

",0,1273375335,null,0,false,0,c0pmzxo,t3_c1n6o,t1_c0pmzxo,t3_c1n6o,null,1426301125,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,importthis,null,null,"With 1.5 million public sector workers, some spending should have been cut a long while ago. But I guess better late then never. Still, very unfair to young teachers, medics etc",0,1273384735,null,0,false,0,c0pn7ig,t3_c1d7f,t1_c0pn7ig,t3_c1d7f,null,1426301223,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,Mon meilleurs score 9877!,0,1273392655,null,0,false,0,c0pncsc,t3_c1p39,t1_c0pncsc,t3_c1p39,null,1426301292,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,xanton,null,null,"""...das Videoprogramm HTML5...""?
Naja, da hätte der Autor eventuell noch 2 oder 3 Minuten länger recherchieren können.",0,1273398702,null,0,false,0,c0pnfpa,t3_c1pcx,t1_c0pnfpa,t3_c1pcx,null,1426301330,5,false,de,t5_22i0,5
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"ja, eben! aber ich denke, die meisten deutschen Redditors haben schon bessere, ausführlichere Artikel über diese Ereignisse gelesen.",0,1273401708,null,0,false,0,c0pngvb,t3_c1pcx,t1_c0pngvb,t1_c0pnfpa,null,1426301344,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Wollte ich auch gerade sagen. Außerdem ahne ich, dass der Text diktiert, nicht getippt wurde. Apple ist nicht ""berücksichtigt"", sondern ""berüchtigt""...
",0,1273412796,null,0,false,0,c0pnm2j,t3_c1pcx,t1_c0pnm2j,t1_c0pnfpa,null,1426301412,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,Eviii,null,null,"Gutscheine von DailyDeal mit Gutschein-Netzwerk Konzept, jeden Tag ein neuer Deal in vielen deutschen und östereichischen Städten",0,1273426427,null,0,false,0,c0pnxij,t3_bhjxk,t1_c0pnxij,t3_bhjxk,null,1426301561,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273432788,null,0,false,0,c0po40w,t3_c1tzh,t1_c0po40w,t3_c1tzh,null,1426301644,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,eleitl,null,null,"&gt; who hinted he might try to pursue a coalition with the SPD or Greens in the coming days.

Now you know why I don't vote for either SPD or the Greens.",0,1273435593,null,0,false,0,c0po6tv,t3_c1tol,t1_c0po6tv,t3_c1tol,null,1426301681,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273435869,null,0,false,0,c0po73d,t3_c1u77,t1_c0po73d,t3_c1u77,null,1426301684,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,anynickleft,null,null,and so the deadlock between Bundestag and Bundesrat is reinstalled as always.,0,1273447953,null,0,false,0,c0pojlm,t3_c1tol,t1_c0pojlm,t3_c1tol,null,1426301846,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,captainLAGER,null,null,"eis.de ist der beste versand, keine versandkosten und durchaus seriös. ",0,1273450292,null,0,false,0,c0polyu,t3_c1vw6,t1_c0polyu,t3_c1vw6,null,1426301877,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,[deleted],null,null,Today I learned something.,0,1273468421,null,0,false,0,c0pp57l,t3_c132w,t1_c0pp57l,t1_c0plto0,null,1426302128,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,hughk,EURO,European Union,"I was up in NRW for a while. There are a lot of cities like Duisberg, Essen, Bochum, etc that were originally big into coal and related industries. The coal has gone and there isn't much to replace it. Lots of unemployment and not much in the way of prospects.",0,1273470483,null,0,false,0,c0pp70s,t3_c1tol,t1_c0pp70s,t3_c1tol,null,1426302151,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Was mich irritiert ist die Diskrepanz zwischen den Zahlen der SPD (-2,6%, ~ -400.000 Stimmen) und den Verlautbarungen auf der SPD-Webseite:
&gt;""Die SPD ist wieder da"", kommentierte Kraft am frühen Abend das Ergebnis. Der SPD-Vorsitzende Sigmar Gabriel sieht auch im Bund Schwarz-Gelb ohne Mehrheit und kündigte an, das neu gewonnene Vertrauen durch harte Arbeit zu bestätigen.&lt;

Die reden von einer anderen Wahl, oder?",0,1273472291,null,0,false,0,c0pp8ks,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pp8ks,t3_c1z9t,null,1426302170,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,jan,null,null,SPD hat gewonnen gegenüber BTW in NRW,0,1273473727,null,0,false,0,c0pp9mp,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pp9mp,t1_c0pp8ks,null,1426302185,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,jan,null,null,1.5% Piraten,0,1273473736,null,0,false,0,c0pp9mv,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pp9mv,t3_c1z9t,null,1426302185,4,false,de,t5_22i0,4
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Per il marchio MiuMiu, Miuccia Prada propone una collezione di calzature con platform e tacchi vertiginosi per la stagione estiva 2010.

Zeppe, stivaletti, tacchi altissimi e fantasie primaverili e giocose, per una collezione di scarpe da donna di assoluto impatto.",0,1273474170,null,0,false,0,c0pp9y9,t3_c1zzu,t1_c0pp9y9,t3_c1zzu,null,1426302189,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273475334,null,0,false,0,c0ppas4,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0ppas4,t1_c0pp9mp,null,1426302199,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,captainLAGER,null,null,Pro NRW +106.932,0,1273476326,null,0,false,0,c0ppbey,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0ppbey,t3_c1z9t,null,1426302207,0,false,de,t5_22i0,0
true,captainLAGER,null,null,"Glaubt eigentlich irgendwer diesen Lügen? Bei solchen Artikeln krieg ich die Krise. ",0,1273476912,null,0,false,0,c0ppbpv,t3_c2062,t1_c0ppbpv,t3_c2062,null,1426302212,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,derwisch,null,null,"Das irritiert mich nicht mehr. Erfolge misst die SPD in der zweiten Ableitung, schon seit einiger Zeit.
",0,1273477293,null,0,false,0,c0ppbxk,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0ppbxk,t1_c0pp8ks,null,1426302214,5,false,de,t5_22i0,5
true,DonManuel,flag-at,Eisenstadt,"Offene Frage, ich war auch nicht dort: Worin siehst Du die Lüge(n)? Kannst Du das auch irgendwie belegen, und sei es mit Argumenten der Plausibilität?",0,1273480083,null,0,false,0,c0ppdd2,t3_c2062,t1_c0ppdd2,t1_c0ppbpv,null,1426302232,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,captainLAGER,null,null,"Die unschuldigen lamm-gleichen Anarchisten und die brutalen oppresiven Bullenschweine... Ja klar! Diese Berufsdemonstranten haben doch ihre Agenda zu verteidigen, da wird vor Lügen nicht zurückgeschreckt. Selbst auf dem Video seh ich keine ""Orgie kollektiver Bestrafung"" sondern eher ein Polizeikommando das aus dem Café heraus mit Gläsern und anderen Gegenständen angegriffen wird. Den Konflikt so einseitig darzustellen ist irreführend und unethisch.",0,1273480973,null,0,false,0,c0ppdsq,t3_c2062,t1_c0ppdsq,t1_c0ppdd2,null,1426302239,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,DonManuel,flag-at,Eisenstadt,"Ja, von einer gewissen Einseitigkeit ist da sicher auszugehen. Aber rein soziologisch müssten gewaltbereiten Anarchisten auch gewaltbereite Sicherheitskräfte gegenüberstehen. Nur hört man bei uns eigentlich in den ""großen"" Medien kaum etwas über Polizeiübergriffe (die ich z.B. auch aus Wien ganz gut kenne). So finde ich es dennoch gut und richtig, wenn auch ohne Wahrheitsanspruch, einmal via submission hier die andere Seite zu Wort kommen zu lassen.",0,1273481501,null,0,false,0,c0ppe1y,t3_c2062,t1_c0ppe1y,t1_c0ppdsq,null,1426302242,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,yaroslaw,null,null,"Das ist der sogenannte ""Schröder-Sprech"".",0,1273489447,null,0,false,0,c0pphow,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pphow,t1_c0pp8ks,null,1426302289,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,Riesling,null,null,Which is not necessarily a bad thing. The governments incapacity to act is one of the best things about Germany. You know that there won't be any surprising new laws. Kind of stabilizes everything.,0,1273489823,null,0,false,0,c0pphvb,t3_c1tol,t1_c0pphvb,t1_c0pojlm,null,1426302291,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273492100,null,0,false,0,c0ppizy,t3_c22zk,t1_c0ppizy,t3_c22zk,null,1426302306,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,benz8574,null,null,"Ich bin jedenfalls mal gespannt, was für eine Koalition da rauskommt. Die Ansage von Kraft, dass die Linke ja soo böse und nicht bereit für eine Koalition sei, lässt schon wieder schlimmes vermuten. Weiter Rüttgers als MP zum Beispiel.",0,1273492821,null,0,false,0,c0ppjdb,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0ppjdb,t3_c1z9t,null,1426302310,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,almodozo,null,null,"Wait, for the REP you are comparing the Zweitstimme for 1995 with the Erststimme for now. That's not right. Apples to apples, they've lost 44,000 votes, not 64,000. And in the meantime, as CaptainLager points out, PRO NRW wins over 100,000. You got me all happy over a collapse in far right vote that didn't actually happen. :-(

I kind of like the rest of the results though! :)",0,1273493363,null,0,false,0,c0ppjne,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0ppjne,t3_c1z9t,null,1426302315,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,lastminutes,null,null,"Sehr Informative Seite über Reiseziele aus allen Ländern. Zu jedem Reiseziel werden sehr Informative Reiseberichte mit Fotos geboten. Dazu findet man auf der Startseite stets die günstigsten Lastminute Anbieter. Die günstigsten Lastminute Anbieter sind täglich aktuell und gültig. Gerade in diesem Jahr sind die Lastminute Angebote für die Länder Türkei, Griechenland, Spanien, Malta, Mallorca,Costa Brava sowie Antalya am günstigsten. Die Lastminute Anbieter die man auf der Startseite findet,bieten ebenso einen kostenlosen Rückrufservice. Hier kann man sich kostenlos und unverbindlich vorab informieren, falls vor einer Buchung einmal Fragen entstehen sollten.",0,1273494037,null,0,false,0,c0ppk0s,t3_c23d5,t1_c0ppk0s,t3_c23d5,null,1426302319,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,lastminutes,null,null,"Korfu Reise, die Nummer 1 für günstige Hotels, Flüge, Pauschalreisen, Mietauto und mehr. Last Minute Urlaub, Städtereisen, Ferienwohnungen super billig buchen. Gerade in diesem Jahr ist Korfu wieder eines der beliebtesten Reiseziele wenn es um Urlaub geht.

Ein kostenloser Rückrufservice werden geboten sowie eine Best Price Garantie. Ein Reise Preisvergleich wird ebenfalls geboten.Sie werden innerhalb von 24 Stunden zurück gerufen, falls einmal Fragen vor einer Buchung entstehen sollten.",0,1273495003,null,0,false,0,c0ppkn3,t3_c23jo,t1_c0ppkn3,t3_c23jo,null,1426302328,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,lastminutes,null,null,"Kreuzfahrten Tipps startet mit neuen Angeboten für Kreuzfahrten,Segeltörn,Weltreise und vieles mehr. Eine Kreuzfahrt mit der AIDA finden Sie bei Kreuzfahrten Tipps",0,1273495648,null,0,false,0,c0ppl2u,t3_c23n8,t1_c0ppl2u,t3_c23n8,null,1426302332,0,false,de,t5_22i0,0
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273496681,null,0,false,0,c0pplrz,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pplrz,t1_c0pp9mp,null,1426302341,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,captainLAGER,null,null,"Bundestagswahl, ach so. Musste ich erstmal googlen.",0,1273496714,null,0,false,0,c0pplsr,t3_c1z9t,t1_c0pplsr,t1_c0pp9mp,null,1426302341,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,eleitl,null,null,"Indeed, a government in deadlock can't do much damage. People learn to route around the deadlock. Long-term, win/win.",0,1273498112,null,0,false,0,c0ppmvv,t3_c1tol,t1_c0ppmvv,t1_c0pphvb,null,1426302355,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273499177,null,0,false,0,c0ppnvf,t3_c1v1m,t1_c0ppnvf,t3_c1v1m,null,1426302368,1,false,germany,t5_2qi4z,1
true,hughk,null,null,"Bad article. There is very little about the aid to Greece that bothers people in NRW. It is more basic. This is a former coal and steel region and there is very little left now. What there is, is high unemployment. That's what worries people and has been the main issue. This gives parties like the SPD and Die Linke a big advantage.",0,1273499182,null,0,false,0,c0ppnvk,t3_c1v1m,t1_c0ppnvk,t3_c1v1m,null,1426302368,0,false,germany,t5_2qi4z,0
true,marcom924,null,null,"Affittasi elegante villetta bifamiliare, a circa 5 minuti di distanza dal mare, arredata e ben rifinita, cucina abitabile, taverna abitabile con cucina, soggiorno e sala, 4 camere da letto (10/12 posti letto), 3 bagni, lavanderia, ripostiglio, ampia veranda, ingresso privato.

Antiche Dimore

Il centro storico di Alghero racchiude in sé innumerevoli bellezze, fra queste un gran numero di affascinanti palazzi storici e antiche dimore. L'antica città fortezza si è, col passare dei secoli, impreziosita di monumenti che sono testimonianza delle diverse correnti artistiche succedutesi in ambito europeo. Gli stili gotico, rinascimentale, barocco e neoclassico dominano incontrastati la ciutat vella.
",0,1273501593,null,0,false,0,c0ppqa6,t3_c24xv,t1_c0ppqa6,t3_c24xv,null,1426302399,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,ivbauer,null,null,"Ein interessanter Beitrag eines Autors, der die Realität des Internet, wie viele übrige Vertreter der analogen Medien, noch nicht richtig verstanden zu haben scheint.",0,1273506492,null,0,false,0,c0ppvm9,t3_c260n,t1_c0ppvm9,t3_c260n,null,1426302469,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,corillis,FLAN,Flanders,"[This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl_aj8glaXU) is what they do in Kleine Brogel in Belgium every year. Politicians join in on the fun (and get arrested) too.

These warheads are a disgrace. ",0,1273508448,null,0,false,0,c0ppy10,t3_c1v81,t1_c0ppy10,t3_c1v81,null,1426302500,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,eleitl,null,null,"&gt; Voters all over Europe seem to be suspicious of politicians.

You say it as if it was a bad thing!",0,1273522613,null,0,false,0,c0pqe3r,t3_c28j6,t1_c0pqe3r,t3_c28j6,null,1426302708,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273523166,null,0,false,0,c0pqepe,t3_c29wh,t1_c0pqepe,t3_c29wh,null,1426302716,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,joelthelion,Rhone,Rhone-Alpes,"Non, mais on ferait mieux de faire pas trop faire les malins. La France est peut-être moins corrompue, mais rien ne dit qu'on arrivera à faire les réformes nécessaires (retraites...) avant qu'il ne soit trop tard.",0,1273567936,null,0,false,0,c0prpzp,t3_c10bz,t1_c0prpzp,t1_c0pjl27,null,1426303345,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,flostre,null,null,"&gt; Viele [Wikipedia] Einträge kommen übler Nachrede nahe oder sind ideologiegetränkt.

[citation needed]",0,1273569949,null,0,false,0,c0prqza,t3_c260n,t1_c0prqza,t3_c260n,null,1426303358,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,D-MOOD,null,null,"Crea il tuo...""personale king""..!",0,1273574071,null,0,false,0,c0prsva,t3_c1pj6,t1_c0prsva,t3_c1pj6,null,1426303381,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,de la a ce que cela me fasse mon café le matin...,0,1273578423,null,0,false,0,c0prv4i,t3_c2ji4,t1_c0prv4i,t3_c2ji4,null,1426303414,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,"Croyez-vous que l'Allemagne récupérera l'argent des prêts faits à la Grèce ? Non, je crois au contraire que les sommes ne seront jamais remboursées.
Gulp!",0,1273578528,null,0,false,0,c0prv6m,t3_c2i59,t1_c0prv6m,t3_c2i59,null,1426303414,5,false,france,t5_2qhjz,5
true,OneSalientOversight,AUST,Australia,Germany *created* the Eurozone. The Euro is just a glorified *Deutschmark* and the ECB is controlled by the Germans too.,0,1273579078,null,0,false,0,c0prvja,t3_c2jml,t1_c0prvja,t3_c2jml,null,1426303417,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"The author seems to suggest that Greece drop their commitment to the Euro, renege on their debts and return to the Drachma and continue as they are, that is a huge deficit paid for by Drachma. This would require them to keep printing money and face huge inflation as their currency becomes worthless. They would also never (or at least not for a long time) be able to borrow any money from any other European nation (I also cannot see any non-european nation lending them cash with their poor credit history). I do not see how this benefits Greece in anyway, it would merely defer the problem to a future point, at which point they would have no economic partners to help out and they would still face the same problems as they face today only more so. Perhaps I am not grasping something here so if anyone can enlighten me I would appreciate it.",0,1273579273,null,0,false,0,c0prvno,t3_c2jml,t1_c0prvno,t3_c2jml,null,1426303417,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,eleitl,null,null,"The best solution for the EU is that Germany leaves EU, goes back to DM, leaving the rest much better balanced. 

The alternative (that people actually enforce the existing laws of fiscal discipline for each member countries) ain't going to happen.",0,1273583251,null,0,false,0,c0pryq4,t3_c2jml,t1_c0pryq4,t3_c2jml,null,1426303458,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,eleitl,null,null,"Greece leaving EU doesn't make sense. Germany leaving EU does make a lot more sense.

EU establishing financial controls with teeth makes even more sense, but it ain't going to happen.",0,1273583443,null,0,false,0,c0prywp,t3_c2jml,t1_c0prywp,t1_c0prvno,null,1426303459,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,eleitl,null,null,"&gt; The Euro is just a glorified Deutschmark

The opposite, the EUR is a much weaker currency.

&gt; and the ECB is controlled by the Germans too.

Also not true. The Greek bailout has been pushed through mostly by France, and Deutsche Bank is Not Amused.

The people on the street are also very much ready to break out torches and pitchforks.",0,1273583580,null,0,false,0,c0prz14,t3_c2jml,t1_c0prz14,t1_c0prvja,null,1426303461,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,psyfred,null,null,Was Herr Koch fordert schlägt dem Faß den Boden heraus! Bei Kindern und Bildung sparen ist das dümmste was machen kann! Aber es fördert natürlich einer Politik an der keiner mehr aufgrund fehlender Bildung Interesse hat!,0,1273586198,null,0,false,0,c0ps1qo,t3_c2ljg,t1_c0ps1qo,t3_c2ljg,null,1426303496,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,HenkPoley,NETH,The Netherlands,"In a way I really hope the french dutch-split gets worse, so we (The Netherlands) can get to do some development work over there when they join us.",0,1273588710,null,0,false,0,c0ps4vg,t3_c2kqb,t1_c0ps4vg,t3_c2kqb,null,1426303537,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,Jonne,BELG,Melbourne / West-Flanders,Don't get your hopes up just yet...,0,1273596175,null,0,false,0,c0psfiz,t3_c2kqb,t1_c0psfiz,t1_c0ps4vg,null,1426303676,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,Ho66es,null,null,"&gt; In dem Fall ging es um eine Klägerin aus Minden, die einen PC samt Monitor, Drucker und Software bezahlt haben wollte.

Manche Leute sind echt sowas von irre...",0,1273602252,null,0,false,0,c0psowy,t3_c2p8g,t1_c0psowy,t3_c2p8g,null,1426303798,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,HenkPoley,NETH,The Netherlands,;-),0,1273607336,null,0,false,0,c0pswv1,t3_c2kqb,t1_c0pswv1,t1_c0psfiz,null,1426303899,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,timoleon,FRNK,Franken,"Da ist Japan schon lange hin unterwegs, und dank der PIIGS-Schuldenkrise folgt nun auch die Europäische Union.

",0,1273607691,null,0,false,0,c0psxfl,t3_c2jb4,t1_c0psxfl,t3_c2jb4,null,1426303907,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Una carrellata di alcune delle più eleganti, raffinate, originali o stravaganti zeppe proposte dagli stilisti per le collezioni primavera-estate 2010 di calzature e scarpe per donna. 

Si passa dalle zeppe multicolore di Sergio Rossi, alle zeppe Guess con pietre decorative, dalle esuberanti zeppe Givency in tessuto jersey stampato, alle eleganti zeppe di Christian Louboutin in pelle, fino alle zeppe in rafia proposte da Paloma Barcelò.

Un'ottima occasione per le appassionate di zeppe di scegliere il modello per la prossima estate 2010...!",0,1273622277,null,0,false,0,c0pthi9,t3_c2u1o,t1_c0pthi9,t3_c2u1o,null,1426304167,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273624353,null,0,false,0,c0ptk3t,t3_c2i59,t1_c0ptk3t,t3_c2i59,null,1426304201,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,oelsen,null,null,höhöhö :D,0,1273629044,null,0,false,0,c0ptphw,t3_c2rh3,t1_c0ptphw,t3_c2rh3,null,1426304272,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273634443,null,0,false,0,c0ptwmd,t3_c2p8g,t1_c0ptwmd,t3_c2p8g,null,1426304364,-2,false,de,t5_22i0,-2
true,ih8registrations,null,null,"""Simm, it appears, was a key agent of Laar, who, in turn, was a big friend of Israel. This is a key point, because the evidence indicates that the Russian military contraband being carried on Estonia was bound for Israel.""

http://kennysideshow.blogspot.com/2008/10/herman-simm-and-estonia-catastrophe.html

""Jutta Rabe, a German journalist says Simm was involved in the cover-up of the evidence about weapons smuggling from Russia to Israel.""

http://postmanpatel.blogspot.com/2008/11/herman-simm-super-spy-in-talinn-but-who.html


http://aangirfan.blogspot.com/2008/11/herman-simm-sinking-of-estonia-and.html",0,1273641127,null,0,false,0,c0pu51e,t3_c2mra,t1_c0pu51e,t3_c2mra,null,1426304473,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,socket0,BELG,Belgium,"When an article starts its argument with a reference to the ""Zionist-controlled media"", the debate is pretty much over. ",0,1273646836,null,0,false,0,c0puaj5,t3_c2mra,t1_c0puaj5,t1_c0pu51e,null,1426304544,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,jnz,null,null,hehehe,0,1273653837,null,0,false,0,c0pufmg,t3_c2rh3,t1_c0pufmg,t1_c0ptphw,null,1426304612,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,paulemaule1,null,null,hihihi,0,1273656426,null,0,false,0,c0puh55,t3_c2rh3,t1_c0puh55,t1_c0pufmg,null,1426304629,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,CapVosslar,null,null,It's not so much as a ban as it is an import of common sense and reasoning.,0,1273656704,null,0,false,0,c0puham,t3_c2z6d,t1_c0puham,t3_c2z6d,null,1426304631,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,derwisch,null,null,"Es wird wieder zu handgeschriebenen Lebensläufen übergegangen. Und über offene Stellen kann man sich ja schließlich auch in Radio und Fernsehen informieren.
",0,1273661066,null,0,false,0,c0pujlz,t3_c2p8g,t1_c0pujlz,t3_c2p8g,null,1426304662,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,joelthelion,Rhone,Rhone-Alpes,Où est-ce qu'ils préconisent cela?,0,1273662089,null,0,false,0,c0puk4h,t3_c2i59,t1_c0puk4h,t1_c0ptk3t,null,1426304668,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,a priori ce wiki a l air clean... pas de secte derriere??? du coup j ai publie...,0,1273662325,null,0,false,0,c0puk8m,t3_c31se,t1_c0puk8m,t3_c31se,null,1426304669,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Nunja - Auf der einen Seite wird für einen Fernseher bezahlt (Weil das zur Grundaustattung gehört) aber für einen Computer nicht. Da hat das Internet wohl einfach mal die Sozialgesetzgebung überholt.

Allerdings bekommt man mittlerweile für 150-200€ (wenn man genügsam ist auch für weniger) einen Computer mit Laserdrucker. Das ist für Hartz-IV Bezieher immer noch viel Geld, keine Frage aber die eigentlichen hohen Kosten sind auf dauer, die für monatliches Internet. ",0,1273663145,null,0,false,0,c0pukpt,t3_c2p8g,t1_c0pukpt,t3_c2p8g,null,1426304675,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Müsste es nicht heißen: Ex-Scientologe in seinem Blog: Scientology hat Tom Cruise hintergangen [citation needed] 

Und die viel makabere Sache ist weniger dass sich der Chef da über ihn lustig macht. Sondern das wohl nicht nur Tom Cruise derart hintergangen wurde, sondern wohl eher systematisch alle Mitglieder durch Auditing gezielt erpressbar gemacht werden. 

",0,1273664535,null,0,false,0,c0pulkz,t3_c2nu6,t1_c0pulkz,t3_c2nu6,null,1426304687,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,temujin64,IREL,Poblacht na hÉireann,"I live in France at the moment, right next to a very large banlieue, the largest in the South of France I believe, which has an almost exclusive Arab population and burqas are extremely rare amongst the Arab women there. So it seems as though they're making a fuss over a privilege they rarely exercise.",0,1273680177,null,0,false,0,c0pv2ao,t3_c2z6d,t1_c0pv2ao,t3_c2z6d,null,1426304904,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Common sense dictates that you do not create laws that are unconstitutional. On which grounds would you ban the burqa from the public space ?

Nicolas Sarkozy's party lost last elections by a large margin. Now all he wants is to please the core of its electors and he tries to do so with a ridiculous right-wing program which focuses on none of the core problems the French want him to solve.",0,1273681899,null,0,true,0,c0pv4x2,t3_c2z6d,t1_c0pv4x2,t1_c0puham,null,1426304937,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,DonManuel,flag-at,Eisenstadt,"Es gibt präzise Titel und solche, die ""ziehen"" sollen. Aber Du hast insgesamt sehr recht, und ich denke, das wird durch dieses Ereignis wohl zwischen den Zeilen ohnedies kommuniziert.",0,1273684302,null,0,false,0,c0pv7ur,t3_c2nu6,t1_c0pv7ur,t1_c0pulkz,null,1426304975,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,[deleted],null,null,Merci beaucoup.,0,1273685850,null,0,false,0,c0pv9qp,t3_c04jp,t1_c0pv9qp,t1_c0pfrxs,null,1426304999,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,ScarpeUomoDonna,null,null,"Le scarpe da calcio Puma PowerCat 1.10 FG sono tra gli scarpini più ricercati in vista dei Mondiali di Calcio in programma quest'estate 2010 in Sudafrica.

Le scarpe da calcio Puma PowerCat 1.10 FG sono un gioiello di tecnologia ed un concentrato di comodità, per garantire il massimo controllo di palla e una qualità di gioco sopra la media, mantenendo il piede in un assetto particolarmente confortevole.

Le Puma PowerCat 1.10 FG sono in vendita ...",0,1273699087,null,0,false,0,c0pvufw,t3_c3ac0,t1_c0pvufw,t3_c3ac0,null,1426305268,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,sifumokung,UNSA,American Empire,"Though I feel any self-respecting woman would choose *not* to wear a garment meant to subdue their social significance, I do support a woman's choice to wear a burka, a Donald Duck mask or go topless. ",0,1273702050,null,0,false,0,c0pvyve,t3_c390o,t1_c0pvyve,t3_c390o,null,1426305326,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,da_js,null,null,"wow, i hope this is true",0,1273706982,null,0,false,0,c0pw5gd,t3_c3aa4,t1_c0pw5gd,t3_c3aa4,null,1426305410,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"everyone has know that for a while ever since the statistics came in but this is about appeasing the extreme right wing. No one should make laws that cater for them, regardless of how useless or meaningless they are to most normal citizens.",0,1273707512,null,0,false,0,c0pw63s,t3_c2z6d,t1_c0pw63s,t1_c0pv2ao,null,1426305419,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,[deleted],null,null,"&gt;import of common sense and reasoning

no it's not an import from racists outside France. France has home grown racists. 

If this law goes through should nuns be banned from wearing what they want because the only people crazy (crazy from a athiest view point) to wear those silly burqas are the devout muslims. Thats why you have low number of nuns and low number of burqa wearers.",0,1273707815,null,0,false,0,c0pw6hx,t3_c2z6d,t1_c0pw6hx,t1_c0puham,null,1426305424,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,Digitalabia,null,null,"You can't tell a person what to wear, especially a religious item.  However, I think the Europeans are doing it to maintain their white culture.  France is now 10% Muslim and it's changing the face of the nation and those in power don't like it.  The fact is, you can't do shit about it so you might as well write laws to work with it so society can be at peace.    

That said, if I were King of the World I would ban Islam in general and as well as all other religions.  ",0,1273714540,null,0,false,0,c0pwejt,t3_c390o,t1_c0pwejt,t3_c390o,null,1426305528,-1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,-1
true,SkyMarshal,null,null,"&gt;You can't tell a person what to wear, especially a religious item.

Tell that to Muslim men and clerics.",0,1273719854,null,0,false,0,c0pwld7,t3_c390o,t1_c0pwld7,t1_c0pwejt,null,1426305617,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,SkyMarshal,null,null,"If wearing the burka were truly 100% the choice of Muslim women with no coersion whatsoever then I'd be against this policy.

Call me crazy, but I suspect that's not the case, hence I'm not losing any sleep over it.",0,1273720000,null,0,false,0,c0pwljy,t3_c390o,t1_c0pwljy,t3_c390o,null,1426305619,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,Digitalabia,null,null,"I agree, fuck those guys.

It's the religion of piece (piece of you here, piece of you there)--Bill Maher.",0,1273720640,null,0,false,0,c0pwmcs,t3_c390o,t1_c0pwmcs,t1_c0pwld7,null,1426305632,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,un article orienté qui dénonce un autre article orienté mais dans l autre sens ;-),0,1273733112,null,0,false,0,c0pwz6l,t3_c3gp3,t1_c0pwz6l,t3_c3gp3,null,1426305812,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,joelthelion,Rhone,Rhone-Alpes,"Il y avait le même à peu de chose près dans direct matin, je leur ai écrit pour protester:

&gt;Bonjour,
Je tiens a exprimer mon indignation suite à la publication de l'article
""Piratage de logiciels - la france n'est pas exemplaire"". En effet cet
article ne fait que reprendre l'argumentaire du BSA, qui est le lobby
des éditeurs de logiciels propriétaires, sans jamais le remettre en
question ni donner la parole à des gens ayant un point de vue
alternatif, tel que les créateurs de logiciels libres.
A l'avenir, merci au minimum de prévenir le lecteur quand vous donnez la
parole à un lobby sans remettre en cause ses affirmations.
Cordialement,
",0,1273738747,null,0,false,0,c0px33b,t3_c3gp3,t1_c0px33b,t1_c0pwz6l,null,1426305862,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,zio71,null,null,"Ogni giorno il nostro organismo produce 300 milioni di nuove cellule, il che significa oltre 9 miliardi di nuove cellule al mese.Gli scienziati e i professionisti sanitari ci indicano sempre più frequentemente che l’uso di buoni integratori alimentari, contenenti nutrienti di grande qualità, e l’attività fisica sono essenziali per la salute e il benessere.Antiossidanti efficaci di estrazione vegetale e le giuste quantità di vitamine e minerali sono cruciali per contribuire alla difesa dei 63 triliardi di cellule che compongono l’organismo e che sono sottoposte ad attacchi ossidativi.Senza una solida base nutrizionale, le vostre cellule sono maggiormente sensibili ai danni provocati dai radicali liberi, che possono accelerare il processo dell’invecchiamento....
Leggi il resto cliccando sul link...",0,1273738902,null,0,false,0,c0px368,t3_c3hrd,t1_c0px368,t3_c3hrd,null,1426305864,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,revolvermann,null,null,unbedingt lesenswert. Und Koch gehört ja meiner Meinung nach als Gewohnheitskrimineller schon lange eingesperrt.,0,1273739240,null,0,false,0,c0px3d9,t3_c371v,t1_c0px3d9,t3_c371v,null,1426305866,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,Federina,null,null,"Sappiamo bene che i bambini piccoli sono un fulcro di attività: giocano, saltano, cercano con ogni mezzo a loro disposizione di scoprire quanto più possibile, spesso a discapito di qualche sana oretta di sonno, anche pomeridiano.",0,1273746715,null,0,false,0,c0px760,t3_c3j4v,t1_c0px760,t3_c3j4v,null,1426305915,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,tahititv,null,null,"« Le 20 novembre 1998, Air Tahiti Nui prend son envol alors que son seul avion opère son premier vol commercial en décollant pour la première vers Los Angeles, puis deux jours plus tard vers Tokyo ». Les campagnes de promotion, la formation professionnelle des équipages et le confort mais aussi, une implication évidente de la part des polynésiens dans la mise en place d'un outil de développement touristique indéniable expliquent probablement le succès rencontré par la compagnie dès sa première année d'exploitation avec plus de 30 000 touristes transportés en 1999. Poursuivant sa croissance, la jeune compagnie inaugure dès le mois d'avril 2000 la liaison hebdomadaire vers Osaka puis, en août 2000 une autre vers Auckland. En avril 2001, un accord de partage de codes est signé avec Qantas et rétablit la liaison avec Sydney et le marché australien via Auckland. »
La desserte de Paris en mai 2002 grâce à l'acquisition d'un nouvel avion, un A340-300, permet enfin à Air Tahiti Nui de se positionner sur un nouveau marché, l'Europe, et par voie de conséquence de renforcer la promotion de la Polynésie française sur le Vieux Continent. 2003 est une année décisive avec l'arrivée de deux nouveaux Airbus A340-300 en janvier et février. Sur sa lancée, Air Tahiti Nui acquiert un 5ième A340, le « Nuku Hiva » en juin 2005 et ouvre en juillet de la même année une nouvelle route marquant l'histoire de l'aviation commerciale avec le ralliement de l'Atlantique au Pacifique : New York / Sydney via Tahiti. Avec désormais cinq appareils dans sa flotte, la compagnie propose des fréquences accrues entre Tahiti et les villes phares internationales.
Source : fr.airtahitinui.com
",0,1273747272,null,0,false,0,c0px7g7,t3_c3j8j,t1_c0px7g7,t3_c3j8j,null,1426305919,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,Federina,null,null,L'essere umano per natura è poligamo e prova attrazione per diverse persone,0,1273749888,null,0,false,0,c0px8xe,t3_c3joo,t1_c0px8xe,t3_c3joo,null,1426305938,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273750922,null,0,false,0,c0px9ir,t3_c3jvc,t1_c0px9ir,t3_c3jvc,null,1426305946,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"&gt;Dramatische Hubschraubereinsätze blieben ebenso ergebnislos wie das Abriegeln ganzer Stadtteile. Und so gerät der Erste Bürgermeister in die Kritik: Ole von Beust (CDU)

Gibt's schon gated communities in Hamburg?",0,1273752409,null,0,false,0,c0pxacx,t3_c3k2b,t1_c0pxacx,t3_c3k2b,null,1426305957,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,"le mot de passe doit etre ""suffisamment long, sûr et personnel"": qu est ce que cela veut dire????",0,1273753003,null,0,false,0,c0pxara,t3_c3jqc,t1_c0pxara,t3_c3jqc,null,1426305962,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,phaze2,null,null,"&gt;Versuchen gestörte Jugendliche durch Begehung heimlicher Verbrechen ihre innere Leere zu überdröhnen, wie manche Polizeipsychologen vermuten?

&gt;Die Tatorte seien sorgfältig ausgewählt, vermutlich sogar erst nach tagelanger Beobachtung, die Fluchtwege genau ausbaldowert.

Schon schwer zu glauben, dass das von ein paar auswärtigen Chaoten geplant sein soll - noch dazu ohne aufzufallen.

Ich müsste ja lachen wenn sich herausstellen sollte, dass diese Straftaten von den gelangweilten Söhnen und Töchtern der ansässigen Bonzen begangen wurden - oder vielleicht von ihnen selbst, um die Einführung repressiver Maßnahmen zu rechtfertigen...",0,1273764025,null,0,false,0,c0pxlvw,t3_c3k2b,t1_c0pxlvw,t3_c3k2b,null,1426306106,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,[deleted],null,null,"C'est pour éviter qu'un petit malin choisisse la lettre ""a"" comme mot de passe et dise ensuite au tribunal ""ah mais j'ai respecté la loi !"".",0,1273765114,null,0,false,0,c0pxnh3,t3_c3jqc,t1_c0pxnh3,t1_c0pxara,null,1426306129,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,twoodfin,null,null,"&gt; The number of jobs in restaurants and hotels on the site has been sharply reduced, unions say. The number of visitors – attracted by cut-price deals – has increased. The hiring of seasonal workers has been slashed. A whole tier of middle management has been removed or ""reduced to secretary status"", unions say, leaving lower-level employees feeling undervalued and ignored.

Sounds like new management has figured out how to make the place profitable. Would they rather the whole thing went under?

This all reads like pretty weak sauce.",0,1273779364,null,0,false,0,c0py9mn,t3_c3pke,t1_c0py9mn,t3_c3pke,null,1426306414,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,Headpuncher,SCOT,Scotland,If you think expolitation of the workforce is acceptable in the pursuit of profit than please make sure never to employ me if ever I apply to work for you.,0,1273779891,null,0,false,0,c0pyaj8,t3_c3pke,t1_c0pyaj8,t1_c0py9mn,null,1426306425,4,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,4
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273800498,null,0,false,0,c0pz2di,t3_c3pke,t1_c0pz2di,t3_c3pke,null,1426306786,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,Sealbhach,null,null,"&gt;*Longer hours and six-day weeks are frequently demanded of everyone from pastry chefs to the ""cast members"", who earn just above the French minimum wage to play Goofy or Donald Duck in the daily Disneyland parades*.

Fuck you Mickey Maus.",0,1273800563,null,0,false,0,c0pz2fx,t3_c3pke,t1_c0pz2fx,t1_c0py9mn,null,1426306787,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,itsnotlupus,ZUS,Murica,"Je ne vois pas de restrictions sur l'implementation, donc on devrait pouvoir utiliser WEP, qui est une facon compliquee de ne pas avoir de protection.",0,1273819410,null,0,false,0,c0pzmke,t3_c3jqc,t1_c0pzmke,t1_c0pxnh3,null,1426307048,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,c est malin de ma part d en avoir parle... SFR l a vu et a reroute sur son portail... un screenshot souvenir: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jmoo/4600610981/ encore un truc au cimetiere des elephants du web!,0,1273821270,null,0,false,0,c0pznt0,t3_c1p39,t1_c0pznt0,t3_c1p39,null,1426307064,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"Wer die Piraten erwähnt, muss auch die Schreihälse von ProNRW erwähnen. Eine Neugründung der ProDM des seligen Bolko Hoffmann hätte aber noch mehr Aussichten gehabt.
",0,1273825493,null,0,false,0,c0pzq9b,t3_c39yw,t1_c0pzq9b,t3_c39yw,null,1426307095,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"100 € sind ja ein überschaubares Risiko und holen für den Kläger bei weitem nicht die Ermittlungskosten rein, ob deshalb alle Straßencafés ihr Netz dichtmachen, bleibt noch abzuwarten.
",0,1273825763,null,0,false,0,c0pzqek,t3_c33wo,t1_c0pzqek,t3_c33wo,null,1426307098,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,Federina,null,null,"Sindrome da burn out: la voglia irrefrenabile di controllare le mail continuamente ",0,1273826605,null,0,false,0,c0pzquo,t3_c3z6t,t1_c0pzquo,t3_c3z6t,null,1426307103,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"Wenn ich die Titel der Publikationen richtig interpretiere, ist das alles noch auf Tierversuchsbasis und noch nicht klinisch geprüft. Also abwarten.
",0,1273827608,null,0,false,0,c0pzrag,t3_c3aa4,t1_c0pzrag,t3_c3aa4,null,1426307109,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,Federina,null,null,Come tutelare la pelle dal sole? L'estratto dei germogli di broccolo protegge la pelle dai raggi UV,0,1273832686,null,0,false,0,c0pztix,t3_c407a,t1_c0pztix,t3_c407a,null,1426307138,1,false,italy,t5_2qkhk,1
true,barsoap,NOOR,Noordland,"Haben wir schon ein Wort für das Gegenteil von [Gentrifizierung](http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentrifizierung)?

Wenn die Bonzen sich unter die Mittelschicht mischen weil da die Versicherungsprämien bezahlbar sind...

Zumindest ist das die einzige Erklärung die mir schlüssig erscheint.",0,1273834227,null,0,false,0,c0pzu4d,t3_c3k2b,t1_c0pzu4d,t3_c3k2b,null,1426307146,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,derwisch,null,null,"Ah, Nicole Kidman auch. Das erklärt ihre überzeugende Vorstellung in ""Der goldene Kompass"".",0,1273846646,null,0,false,0,c0q02mm,t3_c2nu6,t1_c0q02mm,t3_c2nu6,null,1426307256,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,katesandjon,null,null,Des trucs bon à savoir,0,1273847663,null,0,false,0,c0q03or,t3_c433s,t1_c0q03or,t3_c433s,null,1426307270,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"Bah si quand même, ça demande minimum d'effort de se connecter à un réseau WEP, alors que sans protection c'est automatique. En obligeant les gens à protéger leur réseau, même si la protection est mauvaise, on élimine l'immense majorité des squattages de ouiphi.",0,1273849430,null,0,false,0,c0q05li,t3_c3jqc,t1_c0q05li,t1_c0pzmke,null,1426307295,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,InariKettu,null,null,Hérésie. :p,0,1273849968,null,0,false,0,c0q06av,t3_c41j3,t1_c0q06av,t3_c41j3,null,1426307304,2,false,france,t5_2qhjz,2
true,Sabremesh,UKGB,United Kingdom,"&gt; Sarkozy ""threatened to pull France out of euro"" for....French Banks.

FTFY. Greece owes billions to various French banks, and this bailout goes straight to them without even passing through Athens. The Greeks think Sarkozy is a hero, but his motives have very little to do with European solidarity.",0,1273855610,null,0,false,0,c0q0e8r,t3_c446v,t1_c0q0e8r,t3_c446v,null,1426307407,8,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,8
true,Naurgul,null,null,Wouldn't the same apply to Germany then? Don't German banks hold a big part of the Greek debt too?,0,1273857090,null,0,false,0,c0q0gdg,t3_c446v,t1_c0q0gdg,t1_c0q0e8r,null,1426307434,3,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,3
true,silverionmox,LIM2,Limburg,"Damn, a missed chance. Visiting Paris at Eastern European prices would be a lot more relaxing.",0,1273857866,null,0,false,0,c0q0hkp,t3_c446v,t1_c0q0hkp,t3_c446v,null,1426307450,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,temujin64,IREL,Poblacht na hÉireann,I was kind of hoping this would happen.,0,1273861815,null,0,false,0,c0q0nep,t3_c468s,t1_c0q0nep,t3_c468s,null,1426307525,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,mayonesa,null,null,Good. Crush Russia.,0,1273865833,null,0,false,0,c0q0t8w,t3_c45vd,t1_c0q0t8w,t3_c45vd,null,1426307601,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,jmgobet,Normandie,Normandie,"je suis assez d accord sur l analyse et en plus ca sens le marketing a plein nez cette histoire de ""care"".",0,1273867662,null,0,false,0,c0q0vyp,t3_c4081,t1_c0q0vyp,t3_c4081,null,1426307636,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
true,Sabremesh,UKGB,United Kingdom,Not nearly as much as the French banks.,0,1273870542,null,0,false,0,c0q1026,t3_c446v,t1_c0q1026,t1_c0q0gdg,null,1426307689,2,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,2
true,rondarust,null,null,I am interested in participating on a non-committal basis.  :),0,1273871419,null,0,false,0,c0q11a6,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q11a6,t3_c47z4,null,1426307704,3,false,de,t5_22i0,3
true,jan,null,null,TIL about /r/UniversityofReddit,0,1273871527,null,0,false,0,c0q11eq,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q11eq,t3_c47z4,null,1426307707,5,false,de,t5_22i0,5
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273876277,null,0,false,0,c0q174x,t3_c4919,t1_c0q174x,t3_c4919,null,1426307780,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273887087,null,0,false,0,c0q1ifg,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q1ifg,t3_c47z4,null,1426307927,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"LOL. Yay! ",0,1273894928,null,0,false,0,c0q1py3,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q1py3,t1_c0q11eq,null,1426308025,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,[deleted],null,null,"That's perfectly fine! Everyone is welcome, no matter what their experience or time constraints are. :D",0,1273894956,null,0,false,0,c0q1pyy,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q1pyy,t1_c0q11a6,null,1426308025,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,jan,null,null,Der Humanist hat seine Sache übrigens gut gemacht,0,1273915748,null,0,false,0,c0q24om,t3_c4ew5,t1_c0q24om,t3_c4ew5,null,1426308215,7,false,de,t5_22i0,7
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273916864,null,0,false,0,c0q2563,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q2563,t3_c47z4,null,1426308222,2,false,de,t5_22i0,2
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,Oh I'd love that. kennste Berlinerisch ooch?,0,1273918529,null,0,false,0,c0q25x0,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q25x0,t1_c0q2563,null,1426308232,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273918997,null,0,true,0,c0q264q,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q264q,t1_c0q25x0,null,1426308235,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"naja, sächsich wär ooch prima, unser hausmeister kommt aus dresdn und ick versteh keene wort.",0,1273920285,null,0,false,0,c0q26ol,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q26ol,t1_c0q264q,null,1426308242,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"Als Ausländer muss ich mich fragen, wieso eine stärkere Trennung zwischen Kirche und Staat in Deutschland nicht angefordert wird? Stattdessem haben die Kirchen Vorrang bei der Ausdeutung moralischer Fragen und Auseinandersetzungen, was offensichtlich zu solchen Farcen führen. Finde es auch krass, das die Kirchen so ein großes Teil vom Sozialdienst ""besetzen,"" wenn nicht bezahlen.",0,1273920894,null,0,false,0,c0q26xj,t3_c4ew5,t1_c0q26xj,t3_c4ew5,null,1426308245,6,false,de,t5_22i0,6
true,laga,null,null,"Hum.
Native speaker here. I can't commit much time, but I'll see what I can do.",0,1273921751,null,0,false,0,c0q27aa,t3_c47z4,t1_c0q27aa,t3_c47z4,null,1426308250,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,Gobuchul,null,null,"Habe die Sendung leider nicht gesehen, diese Glaubensfaselfritzen gehen mir allerdings so auf den Sack, dass ich vermutlich eh fremdschämend nach fünf Minuten weggeschaltet hätte. Religion hat diesem Planeten NICHTS gutes gebracht, auch die alten Religionen Keltentum/Maya etc. mit Ihren wahnwitzigen Opfern nicht. Die ""Mildtätigkeit"" der Kirchen ist finanziert aus jahrhundertelanger Schröpfung der indoktrinierten und neuzeitlich der Kirchensteuer. Nicht die Kirche tut gutes, sie ist gerade mal eine bewertende Verteilanstalt für die erlangten Gelder der Mitglieder. Und darin nicht einmal gut.

EDIT: Wort vergessen...",0,1273923038,null,0,true,0,c0q27u5,t3_c4ew5,t1_c0q27u5,t3_c4ew5,null,1426308257,6,false,de,t5_22i0,6
true,NMO,null,null,"Oh ça serait avec plaisir, mais moi et mes amis redditeurs (c'est comme ça qu'on dit en français) sommes occupés. Une prochaine fois, sans faute.",0,1273934724,null,0,false,0,c0q2eje,t3_c4fae,t1_c0q2eje,t3_c4fae,null,1426308344,2,false,paris,t5_2qkoi,2
true,tagghuding,SWED,Schweden,"Bin mir nicht so sicher, ob ich die Empörung im Artikel berechtigt finde. Einen Selbstmord wurde ja eigentlich schon von anderen Benutzern gefaked, ne? (obwohl mit Photos, sowie ich mich erinnere) Aber ohne Künstler keine Aufmerksamkeit.",0,1273935224,null,0,false,0,c0q2ew2,t3_c4hcy,t1_c0q2ew2,t3_c4hcy,null,1426308348,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,stefanmago,null,null,"Ich fahre seit über 15 Jahren schwarz (täglich mehrere Fahrten) und bin insgesamt um die acht Mal erwischt worden. Es zahlt sich so was von aus, obwohl in letzter Zeit die Kontrollen zunehmen, zumindest in meiner Stadt ... ",0,1273935716,null,0,false,0,c0q2fa2,t3_c02h3,t1_c0q2fa2,t1_c0pffkv,null,1426308353,0,false,de,t5_22i0,0
true,HiroPetrelli,null,null,"Bonne idée,mais je suis aussi occupé ce WE.

Si tu as une cantine ou un bar/café de prédilection, pourquoi ne pas convenir d'un jour et d'une heure hebdomadaires où les redditeurs pourraient venir en portant un signe distinctif (idée: Reddit Alien &gt;&gt; Extraterrestre &gt;&gt; Les Envahisseurs &gt;&gt; petit doigt raide -- Now we would really look silly).",0,1273937606,null,0,false,0,c0q2grv,t3_c4fae,t1_c0q2grv,t3_c4fae,null,1426308373,2,false,paris,t5_2qkoi,2
true,sh0rty,null,null,"Man sollte also sein Body-Bag mitnehmen?
",0,1273938269,null,0,false,0,c0q2hc2,t3_c482b,t1_c0q2hc2,t3_c482b,null,1426308382,1,false,de,t5_22i0,1
true,[deleted],null,null,"What i understand is that france. germany etc are borrowing money at low rates and lending it to greece at a higher rate but less than market rates. So they are actually profiting off greece, right? If that's the case, why are germans so angry about this? You're saving your currency while profiting.",0,1273938692,null,0,false,0,c0q2hpb,t3_c47up,t1_c0q2hpb,t3_c47up,null,1426308386,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,blue1_,EURO,European Union,"If the market accepts to lend to Greece only at a higher rate than Germany, it means that Germany is taking a risk (of not getting the money back) which is not compensated by the reward.

",0,1273940753,null,0,false,0,c0q2jkj,t3_c47up,t1_c0q2jkj,t1_c0q2hpb,null,1426308409,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,blue1_,EURO,European Union,"When Evans-Pritchard appears vehemently disgusted, it's a good sign.",0,1273941135,null,0,false,0,c0q2jx9,t3_c468s,t1_c0q2jx9,t1_c0q0nep,null,1426308413,0,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,0
true,bushwakko,null,null,"""tax avasion plays a key part in the this crisis"".

because it's always a good idea to spend what you _should_ be getting in, not what's actually coming in. jesus christ.",0,1273947502,null,0,false,0,c0q2pv0,t3_c4919,t1_c0q2pv0,t3_c4919,null,1426308490,1,false,europe,t5_2qh4j,1
true,[deleted],null,null,[deleted],0,1273967139,null,0,false,0,c0q37xd,t3_c4081,t1_c0q37xd,t3_c4081,null,1426308723,1,false,france,t5_2qhjz,1
